docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/connect/connect-cloud-accounts/onboard-your-azure-account/connect-azure-active-directory.adoc, before:

== Connect an Azure Active Directory Tenant

Learn how to <<commercial>>, <<government>>, or <<china>> cloud resources on Prisma Cloud. Onboarding an *Azure Active Directory Tenant* connects the resources within your Azure subscription to Prisma Cloud.

Connecting Prisma® Cloud to your Azure cloud account enables you to analyze and monitor traffic logs, and detect potential malicious network activity or compliance issues. During the built-in onboarding process you have the option of using one of the following three methods to create the required Azure resources to authorize Prisma Cloud to access Azure APIs:

* xref:authorize-prisma-cloud.adoc#terraform[Terraform] (Recommended)
This workflow automates the process of setting up the Prisma Cloud application on Azure Active Directory and enables read-only or read-write access to your Azure subscription.

[NOTE]
====
Azure China workflows do not support the use of Terraform templates.
====
* xref:authorize-prisma-cloud.adoc#json[Using Custom Role JSON]
Using a manually created Custom Role you also have the option to enforce least access privilege to restrict access. To achieve this you will need to manually set up the Prisma Cloud application on Active Directory and Create a Custom Role to authorize access to Azure APIs. 
* xref:authorize-prisma-cloud.adoc#manual[Manually Authorizing Prisma Cloud]
If your organization restricts the use of Terraform scripts, you can choose to manually create the required Azure resources for Prisma Cloud to call the Azure APIs.

[.task]
[#commercial]
=== Connect Azure Commercial Active Directory Tenant

Ensure that you've reviewed the xref:connect-azure-account.adoc#prerequisites[onboarding prerequisites] prior to starting the onboarding process. The graphic below provides a visual overview of the steps you will take to onboard your account.

image::connect/az-active-dir.gif[]

[.procedure]
. *Get Started*
+
.. xref:../get-started/access-prisma-cloud.adoc[Access Prisma Cloud] and select *Settings > Cloud Accounts > Add Cloud Account*.
.. Choose *Azure* as the *Cloud to Secure*.
.. Select *Active Directory* under *Scope*.
.. Select *Commercial* as the *Deployment Type*.
.. *Security Capabilities and Permissions > Misconfigurations* is enabled by default to allow Prisma Cloud to detect misconfigurations and verify compliance.
.. Click *Next* to proceed with the onboarding flow.

. *Configure Account*
+
.. On the *Configure Account* page provide your *Account Details* including *Directory Tenant ID* and choose an *Account Name*.
.. If you're using the recommended Terraform template to provide the required account details, click *Download Terraform Script* and enter the form details from the script output. Provide xref:authorize-prisma-cloud.adoc#terraform[details] for *Application (Client) ID*, *Application Client Secret*, *Enterprise Application Object ID* from the script output.
.. You can also select a Default Account Group, or choose from one of the Account Groups in the drop-down. 
.. Click Next.

. *Review Status*
+
.. On the *Review Status* page, ensure that all the *Security Capabilities* you have selected display a green Enabled button. If *Checks Failed* appears next to a selected function. Click the drop-down next to the failed check and add the missing permissions listed. 
.. Click *Save and Close* to complete onboarding or *Save and Onboard Another Account*.

[#government]
=== Connect Azure Government Active Directory Tenant

To add an Azure Government account follow the steps outlined under Azure Commercial above, with the following exception:

* During the Get Started step, select *Government* as the deployment type.

[#china]
=== Connect Azure China Subscription

Account onboarding on https://app.prismacloud.cn/[Prisma Cloud] is only available for cloud resources currently deployed on Azure China. Follow the steps outlined under Azure Subscription above to onboard an Azure China account with the following exception:

* Azure China does not support the use of Terraform templates to onboard a cloud account. To get started with monitoring your Azure China Subscription, review the xref:authorize-prisma-cloud.adoc#manual[manual onboarding steps] and gather the required information from your Azure China account.

Commit message:

7-2-updates (#743)
* 7-2-updates

* clean-up

* RLP-145125

* clean-up

* RLP-134454

* feedback

* RLP-145547

* removing outdated screenshots

* RLP-145498

* tweak

* no change needed per dev

* azure enhancements

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/connect/connect-cloud-accounts/onboard-your-azure-account/connect-azure-active-directory.adoc, after:

== Connect an Azure Active Directory Tenant

Learn how to <<commercial>>, <<government>>, or <<china>> cloud resources on Prisma Cloud. Onboarding an *Azure Active Directory Tenant* connects the resources within your Azure subscription to Prisma Cloud.

Connecting Prisma® Cloud to your Azure cloud account enables you to analyze and monitor traffic logs, and detect potential malicious network activity or compliance issues. During the built-in onboarding process you have the option of using one of the following three methods to create the required Azure resources to authorize Prisma Cloud to access Azure APIs:

* xref:authorize-prisma-cloud.adoc#terraform[Terraform] (Recommended)
This workflow automates the process of setting up the Prisma Cloud application on Azure Active Directory and enables read-only or read-write access to your Azure subscription.

[NOTE]
====
Azure China workflows do not support the use of Terraform templates.
====
* xref:authorize-prisma-cloud.adoc#json[Using Custom Role JSON]
Using a manually created Custom Role you also have the option to enforce least access privilege to restrict access. To achieve this you will need to manually set up the Prisma Cloud application on Active Directory and Create a Custom Role to authorize access to Azure APIs. 
* xref:authorize-prisma-cloud.adoc#manual[Manually Authorizing Prisma Cloud]
If your organization restricts the use of Terraform scripts, you can choose to manually create the required Azure resources for Prisma Cloud to call the Azure APIs.

[.task]
[#commercial]
=== Connect Azure Commercial Active Directory Tenant

Ensure that you've reviewed the xref:connect-azure-account.adoc#prerequisites[onboarding prerequisites] prior to starting the onboarding process. The graphic below provides a visual overview of the steps you will take to onboard your account.

image::connect/az-active-dir.gif[]

[.procedure]
. *Get Started*
+
.. xref:../get-started/access-prisma-cloud.adoc[Access Prisma Cloud] and select *Settings > Cloud Accounts > Add Cloud Account*.
.. Choose *Azure* as the *Cloud to Secure*.
.. Select *Active Directory* under *Scope*.
.. Select *Commercial* as the *Deployment Type*.
.. *Security Capabilities and Permissions > Misconfigurations* is enabled by default to allow Prisma Cloud to detect misconfigurations and verify compliance.
.. Click *Next* to proceed with the onboarding flow.

. *Configure Account*
+
.. On the *Configure Account* page provide your *Account Details* including *Directory Tenant ID* and choose an *Account Name*.
.. If you're using the recommended Terraform template to provide the required account details, click *Download Terraform Script* and enter the form details from the script output. Provide xref:authorize-prisma-cloud.adoc#terraform[details] for *Application (Client) ID*, *Application Client Secret*, *Enterprise Application Object ID* from the script output.
.. You can also select a Default Account Group, or choose from one of the Account Groups in the drop-down. 
.. Click Next.

. *Review Status*
+
.. On the *Review Status* page, ensure that all the *Security Capabilities* you have selected display a green Enabled button. If *Checks Failed* appears next to a selected function. Click the drop-down next to the failed check and add the missing permissions listed. 
.. Click *Save and Close* to complete onboarding or *Save and Onboard Another Account*.

[NOTE]
====
Misconfigurations in your Azure subscription may lead to errors when onboarding your Azure Active Directory account. Register the `Microsoft.Subscriptions` resource provider for the affected subscriptions to resolve the issue.
====

[#government]
=== Connect Azure Government Active Directory Tenant

To add an Azure Government account follow the steps outlined under Azure Commercial above, with the following exception:

* During the Get Started step, select *Government* as the deployment type.

[#china]
=== Connect Azure China Subscription

Account onboarding on https://app.prismacloud.cn/[Prisma Cloud] is only available for cloud resources currently deployed on Azure China. Follow the steps outlined under Azure Subscription above to onboard an Azure China account with the following exception:

* Azure China does not support the use of Terraform templates to onboard a cloud account. To get started with monitoring your Azure China Subscription, review the xref:authorize-prisma-cloud.adoc#manual[manual onboarding steps] and gather the required information from your Azure China account.
