docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/get-started/connect-code-and-build-providers/ides/connect-vscode.adoc, before:

:topic_type: task

[.task]
== Add Prisma Cloud Application Security Plugin to VS Code

Integrate the Prisma Cloud Code Security plugin (Prisma Cloud) for VS Code IDE to seamlessly enhance security while coding, allowing you to identify issues before you commit your code, reducing the risk of pull requests failing due to undetected issues. Prisma Cloud scans for security policy violations based on both default, out-of-the-box and custom policies. 
For more information on Policies, refer to the xref:https://docs.prismacloud.io/en/enterprise-edition/policy-reference/get-started-code-sec-policies/get-started-code-sec-policies[Policies] documentation.

The plugin utilizes Prisma Cloud's capabilities to scan these security categories:

* IaC misconfigurations in IaC templates such as Kubernetes and Terraform. For a list of supported IaC frameworks see xref:../../../supported-technologies.adoc[Supported Technologies]
* SCA vulnerabilities: Open source: security vulnerabilities in both direct and transitive open source dependencies
* Secrets: Security vulnerabilities in your base images
* Licenses: Software license noncompliance

You can prioritize findings and address the most critical issues by filtering the scan results by severity.

=== Installation

[.procedure]


. Before you begin.
.. Install https://www.python.org/downloads/[Python] v3.7 or above, https://docs.pipenv.org/[Pipenv] or a running https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop[Docker] daemon.
+
NOTE: The Prisma Cloud plugin automatically invokes the latest version of Prisma Cloud Code Security.

.. On Prisma Cloud.
+
* Add the Prisma Cloud IP addresses and hostname for Application Security to an xref:../../../../get-started/console-prerequisites.adoc[allow list] to enable access to the Prisma Cloud console 
* xref:../../../../administration/create-access-keys.adoc[Generate and copy the Prisma Cloud access key] to enable access to Prisma Cloud. The access key includes a key ID and secret
* Retrieve your Prisma Cloud API URL, which varies depending on the region and cluster on which your tenant is deployed
+
NOTE: For Prisma Cloud API URL, replace *app* in the URL with *api*.

. Download options.
+
* In VS Code, open the *Extensions* panel > search for *Prisma Cloud*
* Open the https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=PrismaCloud.prisma-cloud[Visual Studio Marketplace] > search for *Prisma Cloud* > select the Prisma Cloud plugin
* On the Prisma Cloud console: Select *Settings* >  *Connect Provider* > *Code & Build Providers* > *VScode*(under IDEs)
+
You are redirected to the Prisma Cloud plugin in the https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=PrismaCloud.prisma-cloud[Visual Studio Marketplace].

. If you are in the Marketplace, select *Install*.

 You are redirected to the Prisma Cloud extension on VS Code.

. On VS Code: Select *Install*.

. Configure Prisma Cloud Settings.
.. Navigate to the bottom menu bar of VS Code and select *Prisma Cloud* to access *Settings*.
+
image::application-security/vscode-settings1.1.png[]

.. Fill in the provided fields:
+
* *Access Key* (required): The Prisma Cloud access key ID generated in step 1 above
* *Secret Key* (required): The Prisma Cloud secret key generated in step 1 above
* *Prisma URL* (required): Your Prisma URL - see prerequisites  in step 1 above
* *CA-Certificate* (optional): Add the certificate in a `.pem` file format
* *Use Enforcement Rules* (Optional): Select whether soft-fail thresholds set by Enforcement apply to VS Code scans
+
NOTE: For more information on Enforcement, refer to the xref:../../../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/enforcement.adoc[Enforcement documentation].

=== UI Layout

The UI of the Prisma Cloud extension includes the following sections:

image::application-security/vscode-ui-overview1.2.png[]

* Left pane: The navigation bar features a tree structure displaying folders categorized by security categories (including IaC misconfigurations, Secrets, Vulnerabilities (SCA), and Licenses), containing errors detected during a scan
* Middle pane: The *Code editor* for reviewing the codebase. Includes a list of findings for a resource (for IaC misconfigurations) or for a file, and remediation options
* Right pane: The *Problems Tool*, offering a detailed view of a selected issue including the code difference when available, and remediation options 

=== Usage

The Prisma Cloud Security extension allows you to conduct comprehensive scans, manage findings efficiently, and remediate issues seamlessly, all within your coding environment.

==== Scans

Prisma Cloud Security scans your code for issues and provides remediation suggestions in both the *Code editor* and the *Problems Tool*. 

* *Full scan*: Click the *Play* button in any of the security categories (IaC, Secrets and so on) to initiate a full scan of the entire project
+
NOTE: Although you initiate the scan by selecting the Play button within a single category, the scan covers all security categories.

* *File scan*: Open or save a specific file to trigger a scan exclusively for that file 

=== Findings

Issues detected during a scan are displayed in the navigation bar, the Code editor and Problems Tool. Scan results include details of the violating policies, and provide a link to fixes, suppression, or guidelines based on the Prisma Cloud Code Security fix dictionaries. 

image::application-security/vscode-findings1.0.png[]

* In the *Navigation bar*: Findings are displayed according to a security category. Selecting a finding opens it in both the Code editor and the Problems Tool 
* In the *Code editor*: When issues are detected in a resource (for IaC) or in a file, a red mark or indicator is displayed in the code line next to the resource. Hover over the line starting with the resource to display a list of findings related to the particular resource, including the issue's context and impact, as well as available fixes. Selecting *Console* displays a detailed view of the issue in the Problems Tool. In addition, the navigation bar opens to the corresponding resource
+
NOTE: A resource block declares a resource of a given type with a given local name. The name is used to refer to this resource from elsewhere in the same Terraform module, but has no significance outside of the scope of a module.

* In the *Problems Tool*: Select a finding in the navigation bar to display the issue in detail in the Problems Tool including the type of available fixes. 

=== Manage Findings

You can manage findings using either the *Code editor* or the *Problems Tool*. Options include applying a fix when available, suppressing an issue or referring to the documentation for mitigation.

====  Manage Findings in the Code editor

. Select a finding in the Navigation bar.
+
A description of the issue and remediation options are displayed in the Code Editor.
. Hover over a resource in the code editor > Select an issue from the list that is displayed.
+
image::application-security/vscode-editor.png[]

. Select a remediation option from the available choices.  
+
See Remediation below for more details.

==== Manage Findings in the Problems Tool

. Select a finding in the Navigation bar.
+
A description of the issue and remediation options are displayed in the Problems Tool. 
. Select a remediation option from the available choices. 
+
See Remediation below for more details.

=== Remediation

You can fix or suppress issues directly in both the *Code editor* or the *Problems Tool*. Not all types of remediation are available for all issues. In addition, you can refer to the linked documentation for mitigating detected issues.

==== Fixes

When selecting an issue in both the Code editor and Problems Tool, a suggested fix is displayed when available. Fixes are applied directly to the code. The following list displays the categories of issues that can be fixed, and the type of remediation that can be applied to each issue.

* *IaC* misconfigurations: The fix modifies the configuration
* *SCA* vulnerabilities: The fix bumps the package version. You can directly fix the specific CVE vulnerability that has been detected during the scan by upgrading the package to the version that includes a fix.  
* *Secrets* issues: Follow the policy guidelines
* *License* mis-compliance: Follow the policy guidelines

==== Suppression

Suppress an issue to temporarily hide or ignore an issue without fixing it, allowing you to concentrate on more important issues.  

NOTE: The suppression is scoped to the file.

. Enable the *Developer Suppressions* parameter: Select *Settings* > *Code Security Configuration* settings > toggle the *Developer Suppressions* parameter *ON*.
. Select an issue > *Suppress* from either the Code editor or Problems Tool.
. Provide a justification for the suppression.
+
NOTE: The justification will be added as a commented annotation to your source code.

After suppressing an issue, the file is not scanned for two minutes. This is to prevent the issue from being re-triggered. Saving the file during the hold period will not trigger a scan. 

For more information on Suppression, refer to the ../../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/suppress-code-issues.adoc[Suppression] documentation. 

==== Documentation

If automated fixes are not available, policy documentation can provide guidance on how to address the issue: 
Select an issue > *Documentation*.
You are redirected to the relevant policy documentation which includes suggested guidelines on how to solve the issue.


////
. On the Prisma Cloud console.
.. In Application Security, select *Home* > *Settings* > *Connect Provider* > *Code & Build Providers*.
+
image::application-security/connect-provider-menu.png[]

.. Select *VS Code* (under IDEs) in the catalog that is displayed.
+
image::application-security/connect-provider.png[]
+
You are directed to Visual Studio Code Marketplace.

. Install and enable Prisma Cloud Code Security on VS Code.

.. Select *Install > Continue > Open Visual Studio Code* and then select *Install*.
+
You can also access VS Code directly from your system and access the Prisma Cloud plugin from *Extensions* and then search for the Prisma Cloud plugin.


. Configure the Prisma Cloud plugin on VS Code.

.. Select *Extension > Extension Settings*.
.. Add your Prisma Cloud application API for *Prisma Cloud:Prisma URL* for example *https://api.prismacloud.io*.

.. Add your Prisma Cloud access key and secret key as *"Access Key::Secret Key"* for *Checkov:Token*.
+
You can optionally choose to add a custom CA-Certificate and enter the certificate path to configure for *Prisma Cloud:Certificate*. Ensure your CA-Certificate is in `.pem` format.
+
A Prisma Cloud Code Security scan runs each time you access a file on VS Code.

. Fix scanned files for policy misconfiguration in build-time checks.

.. Select a file. Prisma Cloud runs an immediate scan on the file.

.. View the highlighted policy misconfiguration inline.
+
image::application-security/vscode-9.png[]

.. Select *Quick Fix* to fix the misconfiguration inline.
+
You can optionally select *View Problem* to know more about the misconfiguration.
+
image::application-security/vscode-10.png[]
+
Each misconfiguration has details on the policy violation and guidelines to fix the policy. See xref:../../../../governance.adoc[here] for more about each of misconfigurations in all supported environments. 
////
////
=== Troubleshoot Logs

In case of a Prisma Cloud scan fail, you can access VS Code logs to know see more details.

. Access VS Code *Command Palette* or enter *Ctrl + Shift + P* for Windows or *Cmd + Shift + P* for Mac > run: `Developer: Open Extensions Logs Folder` > search for *Prisma Cloud*.
////

Commit message:

Added reference to custom policies

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/get-started/connect-code-and-build-providers/ides/connect-vscode.adoc, after:

:topic_type: task

[.task]
== Add Prisma Cloud Application Security Plugin to VS Code

Integrate the Prisma Cloud Code Security plugin (Prisma Cloud) for VS Code IDE to seamlessly enhance security while coding, allowing you to identify issues before you commit your code, reducing the risk of pull requests failing due to undetected issues. Prisma Cloud scans for security policy violations based on both default, out-of-the-box and custom policies. 

For information on available Policies, refer to the https://docs.prismacloud.io/en/enterprise-edition/policy-reference/get-started-code-sec-policies/get-started-code-sec-policies[Policies] documentation.

For information on creating custom policies, refer to xref:../../../../governance/custom-build-policies/custom-build-policies.adoc[Custom Build Policies].

The plugin utilizes Prisma Cloud's capabilities to scan these security categories:

* IaC misconfigurations in IaC templates such as Kubernetes and Terraform. For a list of supported IaC frameworks see xref:../../../supported-technologies.adoc[Supported Technologies]
* SCA vulnerabilities: Open source: security vulnerabilities in both direct and transitive open source dependencies
* Secrets: Security vulnerabilities in your base images
* Licenses: Software license noncompliance

You can prioritize findings and address the most critical issues by filtering the scan results by severity.

=== Installation

[.procedure]


. Before you begin.
.. Install https://www.python.org/downloads/[Python] v3.7 or above, https://docs.pipenv.org/[Pipenv] or a running https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop[Docker] daemon.
+
NOTE: The Prisma Cloud plugin automatically invokes the latest version of Prisma Cloud Code Security.

.. On Prisma Cloud.
+
* Add the Prisma Cloud IP addresses and hostname for Application Security to an xref:../../../../get-started/console-prerequisites.adoc[allow list] to enable access to the Prisma Cloud console 
* xref:../../../../administration/create-access-keys.adoc[Generate and copy the Prisma Cloud access key] to enable access to Prisma Cloud. The access key includes a key ID and secret
* Retrieve your Prisma Cloud API URL, which varies depending on the region and cluster on which your tenant is deployed
+
NOTE: For Prisma Cloud API URL, replace *app* in the URL with *api*.

. Download options.
+
* In VS Code, open the *Extensions* panel > search for *Prisma Cloud*
* Open the https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=PrismaCloud.prisma-cloud[Visual Studio Marketplace] > search for *Prisma Cloud* > select the Prisma Cloud plugin
* On the Prisma Cloud console: Select *Settings* >  *Connect Provider* > *Code & Build Providers* > *VScode*(under IDEs)
+
You are redirected to the Prisma Cloud plugin in the https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=PrismaCloud.prisma-cloud[Visual Studio Marketplace].

. If you are in the Marketplace, select *Install*.

 You are redirected to the Prisma Cloud extension on VS Code.

. On VS Code: Select *Install*.

. Configure Prisma Cloud Settings.
.. Navigate to the bottom menu bar of VS Code and select *Prisma Cloud* to access *Settings*.
+
image::application-security/vscode-settings1.1.png[]

.. Fill in the provided fields:
+
* *Access Key* (required): The Prisma Cloud access key ID generated in step 1 above
* *Secret Key* (required): The Prisma Cloud secret key generated in step 1 above
* *Prisma URL* (required): Your Prisma URL - see prerequisites  in step 1 above
* *CA-Certificate* (optional): Add the certificate in a `.pem` file format
* *Use Enforcement Rules* (Optional): Select whether soft-fail thresholds set by Enforcement apply to VS Code scans
+
NOTE: For more information on Enforcement, refer to the xref:../../../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/enforcement.adoc[Enforcement documentation].

=== UI Layout

The UI of the Prisma Cloud extension includes the following sections:

image::application-security/vscode-ui-overview1.2.png[]

* Left pane: The navigation bar features a tree structure displaying folders categorized by security categories (including IaC misconfigurations, Secrets, Vulnerabilities (SCA), and Licenses), containing errors detected during a scan
* Middle pane: The *Code editor* for reviewing the codebase. Includes a list of findings for a resource (for IaC misconfigurations) or for a file, and remediation options
* Right pane: The *Problems Tool*, offering a detailed view of a selected issue including the code difference when available, and remediation options 

=== Usage

The Prisma Cloud Security extension allows you to conduct comprehensive scans, manage findings efficiently, and remediate issues seamlessly, all within your coding environment.

==== Scans

Prisma Cloud Security scans your code for issues and provides remediation suggestions in both the *Code editor* and the *Problems Tool*. 

* *Full scan*: Click the *Play* button in any of the security categories (IaC, Secrets and so on) to initiate a full scan of the entire project
+
NOTE: Although you initiate the scan by selecting the Play button within a single category, the scan covers all security categories.

* *File scan*: Open or save a specific file to trigger a scan exclusively for that file 

=== Findings

Issues detected during a scan are displayed in the navigation bar, the Code editor and Problems Tool. Scan results include details of the violating policies, and provide a link to fixes, suppression, or guidelines based on the Prisma Cloud Code Security fix dictionaries. 

image::application-security/vscode-findings1.0.png[]

* In the *Navigation bar*: Findings are displayed according to a security category. Selecting a finding opens it in both the Code editor and the Problems Tool 
* In the *Code editor*: When issues are detected in a resource (for IaC) or in a file, a red mark or indicator is displayed in the code line next to the resource. Hover over the line starting with the resource to display a list of findings related to the particular resource, including the issue's context and impact, as well as available fixes. Selecting *Console* displays a detailed view of the issue in the Problems Tool. In addition, the navigation bar opens to the corresponding resource
+
NOTE: A resource block declares a resource of a given type with a given local name. The name is used to refer to this resource from elsewhere in the same Terraform module, but has no significance outside of the scope of a module.

* In the *Problems Tool*: Select a finding in the navigation bar to display the issue in detail in the Problems Tool including the type of available fixes. 

=== Manage Findings

You can manage findings using either the *Code editor* or the *Problems Tool*. Options include applying a fix when available, suppressing an issue or referring to the documentation for mitigation.

====  Manage Findings in the Code editor

. Select a finding in the Navigation bar.
+
A description of the issue and remediation options are displayed in the Code Editor.
. Hover over a resource in the code editor > Select an issue from the list that is displayed.
+
image::application-security/vscode-editor.png[]

. Select a remediation option from the available choices.  
+
See Remediation below for more details.

==== Manage Findings in the Problems Tool

. Select a finding in the Navigation bar.
+
A description of the issue and remediation options are displayed in the Problems Tool. 
. Select a remediation option from the available choices. 
+
See Remediation below for more details.

=== Remediation

You can fix or suppress issues directly in both the *Code editor* or the *Problems Tool*. Not all types of remediation are available for all issues. In addition, you can refer to the linked documentation for mitigating detected issues.

==== Fixes

When selecting an issue in both the Code editor and Problems Tool, a suggested fix is displayed when available. Fixes are applied directly to the code. The following list displays the categories of issues that can be fixed, and the type of remediation that can be applied to each issue.

* *IaC* misconfigurations: The fix modifies the configuration
* *SCA* vulnerabilities: The fix bumps the package version. You can directly fix the specific CVE vulnerability that has been detected during the scan by upgrading the package to the version that includes a fix.  
* *Secrets* issues: Follow the policy guidelines
* *License* mis-compliance: Follow the policy guidelines

==== Suppression

Suppress an issue to temporarily hide or ignore an issue without fixing it, allowing you to concentrate on more important issues.  

NOTE: The suppression is scoped to the file.

. Enable the *Developer Suppressions* parameter: Select *Settings* > *Code Security Configuration* settings > toggle the *Developer Suppressions* parameter *ON*.
. Select an issue > *Suppress* from either the Code editor or Problems Tool.
. Provide a justification for the suppression.
+
NOTE: The justification will be added as a commented annotation to your source code.

After suppressing an issue, the file is not scanned for two minutes. This is to prevent the issue from being re-triggered. Saving the file during the hold period will not trigger a scan. 

For more information on Suppression, refer to the ../../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/suppress-code-issues.adoc[Suppression] documentation. 

==== Documentation

If automated fixes are not available, policy documentation can provide guidance on how to address the issue: 
Select an issue > *Documentation*.
You are redirected to the relevant policy documentation which includes suggested guidelines on how to solve the issue.


////
. On the Prisma Cloud console.
.. In Application Security, select *Home* > *Settings* > *Connect Provider* > *Code & Build Providers*.
+
image::application-security/connect-provider-menu.png[]

.. Select *VS Code* (under IDEs) in the catalog that is displayed.
+
image::application-security/connect-provider.png[]
+
You are directed to Visual Studio Code Marketplace.

. Install and enable Prisma Cloud Code Security on VS Code.

.. Select *Install > Continue > Open Visual Studio Code* and then select *Install*.
+
You can also access VS Code directly from your system and access the Prisma Cloud plugin from *Extensions* and then search for the Prisma Cloud plugin.


. Configure the Prisma Cloud plugin on VS Code.

.. Select *Extension > Extension Settings*.
.. Add your Prisma Cloud application API for *Prisma Cloud:Prisma URL* for example *https://api.prismacloud.io*.

.. Add your Prisma Cloud access key and secret key as *"Access Key::Secret Key"* for *Checkov:Token*.
+
You can optionally choose to add a custom CA-Certificate and enter the certificate path to configure for *Prisma Cloud:Certificate*. Ensure your CA-Certificate is in `.pem` format.
+
A Prisma Cloud Code Security scan runs each time you access a file on VS Code.

. Fix scanned files for policy misconfiguration in build-time checks.

.. Select a file. Prisma Cloud runs an immediate scan on the file.

.. View the highlighted policy misconfiguration inline.
+
image::application-security/vscode-9.png[]

.. Select *Quick Fix* to fix the misconfiguration inline.
+
You can optionally select *View Problem* to know more about the misconfiguration.
+
image::application-security/vscode-10.png[]
+
Each misconfiguration has details on the policy violation and guidelines to fix the policy. See xref:../../../../governance.adoc[here] for more about each of misconfigurations in all supported environments. 
////
////
=== Troubleshoot Logs

In case of a Prisma Cloud scan fail, you can access VS Code logs to know see more details.

. Access VS Code *Command Palette* or enter *Ctrl + Shift + P* for Windows or *Cmd + Shift + P* for Mac > run: `Developer: Open Extensions Logs Folder` > search for *Prisma Cloud*.
////
