docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/get-started/manage-network-tunnel/deploy-transporter-helmcharts.adoc, before:

== Set Up Transporter Network Tunnels using Helm Charts

Setting up the Transporter network tunnel using Helm charts provides automated and efficient configuration management. Transporter can be deployed  in a new or existing cluster environment.

=== System Architecture

The following diagram displays Kubernetes deployment options.
+
image::application-security/transporter-k8s-usecases.png[]
+
As displayed, you can encrypt traffic at either the pod or ingress level. You can omit encryption when dealing with both ingress and pod. You can also decide to interact directly with the service and pod without involving ingress.

=== Resiliency and Redundancy Considerations

* *Resiliency*: Transporter supports resiliency
* *Redundancy*: Transporter does not support redundancy. You cannot run multiple Docker Containers of the Transporter and then load balance between them. In addition, you cannot run more than replica sets of more than one pod. Therefore you should monitor the pod

=== Installation Options

You can install the Helm chart and set configurations through either the Helm install command on CLI or by https://bc-helm-charts-153454541801.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/transporter/transporter.zip[downloading] the Helm chart `values.yaml` file.

=== Requirements

Before installing Transporter through either of the two methods outlined above, you must fulfill the following requirements:

* Fulfill the xref:manage-network-tunnel.adoc#requirements[Requirements]listed in xref:manage-network-tunnel.adoc[Manage Transporter (Network Tunnel)]

* Open firewall rules before deployment

* DNS resolution within the environment. Public DNS resolution is not required

* Administrator access to your VCS in order to create a webhook

* Kubernetes/OpenShift cluster (supported versions v1.18 - 1.27)

* Install https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/[Helm client]

* Create a Kubernetes resource for TLS secrets containing the certificate and private key when enabling TLS on the Transporter client pod or ingress controller
+
Example: To create a TLS secret named: *transporter-tls* from local private.key & public.crt files run: `kubectl create secret tls transporter-tls --key private.key --cert public.crt`.

* Download the Transporter Client Helm chart: The available image tags are located in the following https://hub.docker.com/r/bridgecrew/transporter/tags[Docker Hub repository]
+
NOTE: To use a specific transporter image tag other than the latest version, uncomment the `image.tag` and set it to the required tag (for example, 0.0.5).

[.task]

[#install-helm-cli]

=== Install Transporter through Helm install command on CLI

[.procedure]

. Generate the Transporter client ENVIRONMENT variables required for the Helm chart setup.

.. Setup Transporter through the Prisma Cloud console  - see xref:deploy-transporter-docker.adoc[Set Up Transporter Network Tunnels using Docker Containers]. 

.. During the setup, select the *Docker commands* option from the *Run Image* field.
+
image::application-security/docker-cmnds.png[]

.. Copy and save the content from the `docker.compose yaml` file that is generated during the setup.

. Customize your Helm chart by enabling TLS on the pod or by configuring ingress with TLS.  
+
* *Deploy with TLS on the pod*
+
Run the following commands with the Transporter environment variables that were generated in *step 1* above in the folder where you extracted the Helm chart ZIP file:
+
[source,yml]
---
helm install transporter \
    --set transporter.accessKey=<PRISMA_ACCESS_KEY> \
    --set transporter.secretKey=<PRISMA_ACCESS_KEY> \
    --set transporter.serverUrl=wss://api0-transporter/wss/transporter \
    --set transporter.transporterAlias=transporter-alias \
    --set transporter.transporterUrl=transporter.bridgecrew.cloud \
    --set transporter.tls.enabled=true \
    --set "ingress.hosts[0].host=transporter.bridgecrew.cloud" \
    --set "ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].path='\'" \
    --set tls.enabled=false \
        --set tls.secretName="" \
        --set tls.certificate="tls.crt" \
        --set tls.key="tls.key" \
        --set certificateAuthority.enabled=false \
        --set certificateAuthority.socketCa="" \
        --set certificateAuthority.httpsCa="" \
        --set certificateAuthority.secretName="" \

// --set transporter.tls.secretName=transporter-tls - this was previously before line 79
---
+
* *Deploy with Ingress Enabled and TLS Configured on Ingress (Pod TLS Disabled)*
+
Before running the `helm install` commands below you must uncomment the `ingress.tls` section of the `values.yaml` file.
+
Run the following commands with the Transporter environment variables that were generated in *step 1* above in the folder where you extracted the Helm chart ZIP file:
+
[source,yml ]
---
helm install transporter \
    --set transporter.accessKey=<PRISMA_ACCESS_KEY> \
    --set transporter.secretKey=<PRISMA_ACCESS_KEY> \
    --set transporter.serverUrl=wss://api0-transporter/wss/transporter \
    --set transporter.transporterAlias=transporter-alias \
    --set "transporter.transporterUrl=transporter.bridgecrew.cloud" \
    --set ingress.enabled=true \
    --set "ingress.hosts[0].host=transporter.bridgecrew.cloud" \
    --set "ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].path='\'" \

---

. Modify Kubernetes *Service* settings as required.
+
Example: Configure service type & port settings. 
+
[source,yml]
---
helm install transporter \
..
    --set service.type=LoadBalancer \
    --set service.port=8000 \
..
---

. Modify the *Resources* section as required.
+
Make sure to uncomment the `resources.limits` section of the `values.yaml` before running helm install.
+
[source,yml]
---
helm install transporter \
..
    --set resources.requests.cpu=12000m \
    --set resources.requests.memory=12288Mi \
    --set resources.limits.cpu=16000m \
    --set resources.limits.memory=16384Mi \
..
---

. Verify successful deployment by inspecting the Transporter logs.
+
Example: 
+
image::application-security/transporter-logs1.png[]


[.task]

[#install-yml]
=== Install Transporter through the `values.yaml` File

[.procedure]
. Execute *step 1* of <<install-helm-cli,Install Transporter through Helm install command on CLI>> above.

. Configure the following Transporter ENVIRONMENT variables that were generated in *step 1* under the *transporter* section of the `values.yaml` file:
+
* *accessKey*: The Prisma Cloud access key
* *secretKey*: The Prisma Cloud secret key
* *serverUrl*: Transporter server URL (for example: wss://api0-transporter/wss/transporter)
* *transporterAlias*: The name (alias) that you assign to the Transporter
* *transporterUrl*: The URL of the Transporter client that serves as the endpoint for all requests from the VCS
+
NOTE: The Transporter URL is used by the VCS to access the transporter client. Ensure that name resolution is enabled on the VCS side and that it correctly resolves to the Transporter Client (that is, hosts file or DNS record).

. Customize your Helm chart by enabling TLS on the pod or configuring ingress with TLS.  
+
* *Deploy with TLS on the pod*
+
Prerequisite: To enable TLS on the Transporter client pod or ingress controller you need to create a TLS secret Kubernetes resource with the certificate and private key.
+
Example: To create a TLS secret named: _transporter-tls_ from *local private.key* and *public.crt* files run: `kubectl create secret tls transporter-tls --key private.key --cert public.crt`.
+
To set up TLS on the pod configure the following settings:
+
** *Set transporter.tls.enabled*: true
** *transporter.tls.secretName*: Use the TLS Kubernetes secret’s name
** *transporter.tls.certificate*: "tls.crt"
** *transporter.tls.key*: "tls.key"
+
* *Deploy with Ingress Enabled and TLS Configured on Ingress (Pod TLS Disabled)*
+
To set up an ingress rule, configure the *ingress* section in the `values.yaml` as follows: 
+
** Enable ingress *ingress.enabled*: true.
** Modify the host address under *ingress.hosts*.
** Enable TLS on ingress:
*** Disable pod level TLS: set *transporter.tls.enabled*: false
*** Uncomment the `ingress.tls` section
*** Modify the `ingress.tls.secretName` with the value of the TLS secret’s name
*** Modify the host address under the `ingress.tls` section

. Modify Kubernetes Service settings under the *service* section of the `values.yaml` file. 
+
For instance, if you want to switch from using the ClusterIP service type to the LoadBalancer service type, make the necessary changes in the `values.yaml` file.
+
Example: Set the service to a different type (e.g. LoadBalancer) and port (e.g. 8000), and change the service section’s type and port values:
+
[source,yml ]
---
service:
  	port: 8000
  	type: LoadBalancer 
---

. Modify the *resources* section to adjust the Kubernetes resource requests and limits according to your specifications. The chart uses the recommended minimum resource requests based on hardware limitations. 
+
NOTE: See prerequisites above for hardware limitations.

. Install the Helm chart: run: `helm install transporter` in the folder where you extracted the Helm chart ZIP file.

. Verify successful deployment by inspecting the Transporter logs see _step 5_ of <<install-yml,Install Transporter through values.yaml>>above.

Commit message:

Modified the deply transporter with Helm Charts topic

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/get-started/manage-network-tunnel/deploy-transporter-helmcharts.adoc, after:

== Set Up Transporter Network Tunnels using Helm Charts

Deploying the Transporter network tunnel using using Helm charts provides automated and efficient configuration management. Transporter can be deployed in a new or existing cluster environment.

=== System Architecture

The following diagram displays Kubernetes deployment options.
+
image::application-security/transporter-k8s-usecases.png[]
+
As displayed, deployment options include encrypting traffic at either the pod or ingress level. You can omit encryption when interacting with both ingress and pod. You can also choose to interact directly with the service and pod without involving ingress.

=== Resiliency and Redundancy Considerations

* *Resiliency*: Transporter supports resiliency
* *Redundancy*: Transporter does not support redundancy. You cannot run multiple Docker Containers of the Transporter and then load balance between them. In addition, you cannot run more than replica sets of more than one pod. Therefore you should monitor the pod

=== Installation Options

You can install the Helm chart and set configurations through either the Helm install command on CLI or by https://bc-helm-charts-153454541801.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/transporter/transporter.zip[downloading] the Helm chart `values.yaml` file.

=== Requirements

Before installing Transporter through either of the two methods outlined above, you must fulfill the following requirements:

* Fulfill the xref:manage-network-tunnel.adoc#requirements[Requirements]listed in xref:manage-network-tunnel.adoc[Manage Transporter (Network Tunnel)]

* Open firewall rules before deployment

* DNS resolution within the environment. Public DNS resolution is not required

* Administrator access to your VCS in order to create a webhook

* Kubernetes/OpenShift cluster (supported versions v1.18 - 1.27)

* Install https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/[Helm client]

* Create a Kubernetes resource for TLS secrets containing the certificate and private key when enabling TLS on the Transporter client pod or ingress controller
+
EXAMPLE: To create a TLS secret named: *transporter-tls* from local private.key & public.crt files run: `kubectl create secret tls transporter-tls --key private.key --cert public.crt`.

* Download the Transporter Client Helm chart: The available image tags are located in the following https://hub.docker.com/r/bridgecrew/transporter/tags[Docker Hub repository]
+
NOTE: To use a specific transporter image tag other than the latest version, uncomment the `image.tag` and set it to the required tag (for example, 0.0.5).

[.task]

[#install-helm-cli]

=== Install Transporter using the Helm install command in the CLI

[.procedure]

. Generate the Transporter client ENVIRONMENT variables required for the Helm chart setup.

.. Setup Transporter through the Prisma Cloud console. 
+
NOTE: Refer to xref:deploy-transporter-docker.adoc[Set Up Transporter Network Tunnels using Docker Containers] for more information. 

.. During the setup, in the *Deply Client* step of the installation wizard, select the *Docker commands* option from the *Run Image* field.
+
image::application-security/docker-cmnds.png[]

.. Copy and save the content from the `docker.compose yaml` file that is generated during the setup.

. Customize your Helm chart by enabling TLS on the pod or by configuring ingress with TLS.  
+
* *Deploy with TLS on the pod*
+
Run the following commands with the Transporter environment variables that were generated in *step 1* above in the folder where you extracted the Helm chart ZIP file:
+
[source,yml]
---
helm install transporter \
    --set transporter.accessKey=<PRISMA_ACCESS_KEY> \
    --set transporter.secretKey=<PRISMA_ACCESS_KEY> \
    --set transporter.serverUrl=wss://api0-transporter/wss/transporter \
    --set transporter.transporterAlias=transporter-alias \
    --set transporter.transporterUrl=transporter.bridgecrew.cloud \
    --set transporter.tls.enabled=true \
    --set "ingress.hosts[0].host=transporter.bridgecrew.cloud" \
    --set "ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].path='\'" \
    --set tls.enabled=true \
    --set tls.secretName="" \
    --set tls.certificate="tls.crt" \
    --set tls.key="tls.key" \
    --set certificateAuthority.enabled=false \
    --set certificateAuthority.socketCa="" \
    --set certificateAuthority.httpsCa="" \
    --set certificateAuthority.secretName="" \

// --set transporter.tls.secretName=transporter-tls - this was previously before line 79
---
+
* *Deploy with Ingress Enabled and TLS Configured on Ingress (Pod TLS Disabled)*
+
Requirement: Before running the `helm install` commands below, you must uncomment the `ingress.tls` section of the `values.yaml` file.
+
Run the following commands with the Transporter environment variables that were generated in *step 1* above in the folder where you extracted the Helm chart ZIP file:
+
[source,yml ]
---
helm install transporter \
    --set transporter.accessKey=<PRISMA_ACCESS_KEY> \
    --set transporter.secretKey=<PRISMA_ACCESS_KEY> \
    --set transporter.serverUrl=wss://api0-transporter/wss/transporter \
    --set transporter.transporterAlias=transporter-alias \
    --set "transporter.transporterUrl=transporter.bridgecrew.cloud" \
    --set ingress.enabled=true \
    --set "ingress.hosts[0].host=transporter.bridgecrew.cloud" \
    --set "ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].path='\'" \

---

. Modify Kubernetes *Service* settings as required.
+
EXAMPLE: Configure service type and port settings. 
+
[source,yml]
---
helm install transporter \
..
    --set service.type=LoadBalancer \
    --set service.port=8000 \
..
---

. Modify the *Resources* section as required.
+
Requirement: Make sure to uncomment the `resources.limits` section of the `values.yaml` before running `helm install`.
+
[source,yml]
---
helm install transporter \
..
    --set resources.requests.cpu=12000m \
    --set resources.requests.memory=12288Mi \
    --set resources.limits.cpu=16000m \
    --set resources.limits.memory=16384Mi \
..
---

. Verify successful deployment by inspecting the Transporter logs.
+
EXAMPLE: 
+
image::application-security/transporter-logs1.png[]


[.task]

[#install-yml]
=== Install Transporter through the `values.yaml` File

[.procedure]
. Execute *step 1* of <<install-helm-cli,Install Transporter through Helm install command on CLI>> above.

. Configure the following Transporter ENVIRONMENT variables that were generated in *step 1* under the *transporter* section of the `values.yaml` file:
+
* *accessKey*: The Prisma Cloud access key
* *secretKey*: The Prisma Cloud secret key
* *serverUrl*: Transporter server URL (for example: wss://api0-transporter/wss/transporter)
* *transporterAlias*: The name (alias) that you assign to the Transporter
* *transporterUrl*: The URL of the Transporter client that serves as the endpoint for all requests from the VCS
+
NOTE: The Transporter URL is used by the VCS to access the transporter client. Ensure that name resolution is enabled on the VCS side and that it correctly resolves to the Transporter Client (that is, hosts file or DNS record).

. Customize your Helm chart by enabling TLS on the pod or configuring ingress with TLS.  
+
* *Deploy with TLS on the pod*
+
Prerequisite: To enable TLS on the Transporter client pod or ingress controller you need to create a TLS secret Kubernetes resource with the certificate and private key.
+
EXAMPLE: To create a TLS secret named: _transporter-tls_ from *local private.key* and *public.crt* files run: `kubectl create secret tls transporter-tls --key private.key --cert public.crt`.
+
To set up TLS on the pod configure the following settings:
+
** *Set transporter.tls.enabled*: true
** *transporter.tls.secretName*: Use the TLS Kubernetes secret’s name
** *transporter.tls.certificate*: "tls.crt"
** *transporter.tls.key*: "tls.key"
+
* *Deploy with Ingress Enabled and TLS Configured on Ingress (Pod TLS Disabled)*
+
To set up an ingress rule, configure the *ingress* section in the `values.yaml` as follows: 
+
** Enable ingress *ingress.enabled*: true.
** Modify the host address under *ingress.hosts*.
** Enable TLS on ingress:
*** Disable pod level TLS: set *transporter.tls.enabled*: false
*** Uncomment the `ingress.tls` section
*** Modify the `ingress.tls.secretName` with the value of the TLS secret’s name
*** Modify the host address under the `ingress.tls` section

. Modify Kubernetes Service settings under the *service* section of the `values.yaml` file. 
+
For example, if you want to switch from using the ClusterIP service type to the LoadBalancer service type, make the necessary changes in the `values.yaml` file.
+
EXAMPLE: Set the service to a different type (LoadBalancer) and port (8000):
+
[source,yml ]
---
service:
  	port: 8000
  	type: LoadBalancer 
---

. Modify the *resources* section to adjust the Kubernetes resource requests and limits according to your specifications. The chart uses the recommended minimum resource requests based on hardware limitations. 
+
NOTE: See prerequisites above for hardware limitations.

. Install the Helm chart: run: `helm install transporter` in the folder where you extracted the Helm chart ZIP file.

. Verify successful deployment by inspecting the Transporter logs. Refer to _step 5_ of <<install-yml,Install Transporter through values.yaml>>above.
