docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/get-started/manage-network-tunnel/select-transporter-domain-consistency.adoc, before:

== Select Transporter and ensure Domain Name Consistency 

When integrating your self-hosted provider, such as GitLab Self-Managed or GitHub Server, with Prisma Cloud using a Transporter, it is essential to maintain consistency in the domain name. This means matching the domain name that you provided during integration with the domain configuration set up for the Transporter. Additionally, you must select the appropriate Transporter as part of the configuration process.

[.task]
[.procedure]
. Before you begin. 
.. Set-up a Transporter.
+
NOTE: Refer to xref:deploy-transporter-docker.adoc[Set Up Transporter Network Tunnels using Docker Containers] or xref:deploy-transporter-helmcharts.adoc[Set Up Transporter Network Tunnels using Helm Charts] for more information.
.. Ensure that connection with the Transporter is established. 
. Select a Transporter.
.. In *Application Security*, select *Settings* > *Manage Network Tunnels*.
.. Select a Transporter that you have set up from the *Transporter* field of the *Manage Integrations* step in the integration wizard.
.. Copy the Transporter *Domain name*.
+
image::application-security/select-transporter1.1.png[]
+ 
. In *Application Security*, select *Home* > *Settings* > *Connect Provider* > *Code & Build Providers* > select your integrated [PROVIDER] from the catalog.
. In the relevant fields of the *Configure Domain* step of the integration wizard.
.. Provide the *Domain name* of the Transporter that you selected.
.. Check the *Use a Transporter for secured connection box* > select the Transporter that you configured from the dropdown menu in the *Transporter* field.

NOTE: This field is only available after a socket is opened and a connection is established with the Transporter.

image::application-security/select-transporter1.2.png[]

Commit message:

Fixed step 4.1 of Select Transporter and ensure Domain Name Consistency

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/get-started/manage-network-tunnel/select-transporter-domain-consistency.adoc, after:

== Select Transporter and ensure Domain Name Consistency 

When integrating your self-hosted provider, such as GitLab Self-Managed or GitHub Server, with Prisma Cloud using a Transporter, it is essential to maintain consistency in the domain name. This means matching the domain name that you provided during integration with the domain configuration set up for the Transporter. Additionally, you must select the appropriate Transporter as part of the configuration process.

[.task]
[.procedure]
. Before you begin. 
.. Set-up a Transporter.
+
NOTE: Refer to xref:deploy-transporter-docker.adoc[Set Up Transporter Network Tunnels using Docker Containers] or xref:deploy-transporter-helmcharts.adoc[Set Up Transporter Network Tunnels using Helm Charts] for more information.
.. Ensure that connection with the Transporter is established. 
. Select a Transporter.
.. In *Application Security*, select *Settings* > *Manage Network Tunnels*.
.. Select a Transporter that you have set up from the *Transporter* field of the *Manage Integrations* step in the integration wizard.
.. Copy the Transporter *Domain name*.
+
image::application-security/select-transporter1.1.png[]
+ 
. In *Application Security*, select *Home* > *Settings* > *Connect Provider* > *Code & Build Providers* > select your integrated [PROVIDER] from the catalog.
. In the relevant fields of the *Configure Domain* step of the integration wizard.
.. Provide the *Domain name* of your self-hosted version control system.
.. Check the *Use a Transporter for secured connection box* > select the Transporter that you configured from the dropdown menu in the *Transporter* field.

NOTE: This field is only available after a socket is opened and a connection is established with the Transporter.

image::application-security/select-transporter1.2.png[]
