docs/en/enterprise-edition/rn/look-ahead-planned-updates-prisma-cloud/look-ahead-secure-the-infrastructure.adoc, before:

[#ida01a4ab4-6a2c-429d-95be-86d8ac88a7b4]
== Look Ahead—Planned Updates to Secure the Infrastructure

Review any changes planned in the next Prisma Cloud release to ensure the security of your infrastructure.

Read this section to learn about what is planned in the 24.6.1 CSPM Platform, Agentless Container Host, Agentless Host Security, CIEM, Data Security, and CDEM releases. 

The Look Ahead announcements are for an upcoming release and it is not a cumulative list of all announcements.

[NOTE]
====
The details and functionality listed below are a preview and the actual release date is subject to change.
====

* <<changes-in-existing-behavior>>
* <<api-rate-limits>>
* <<new-policies>>
//* <<policy-updates>>
* <<api-ingestions>>
* <<new-compliance-benchmarks-and-updates>>
* <<deprecation-notices>>

[#changes-in-existing-behavior]
=== Changes in Existing Behavior

[cols="50%a,50%a"]
|===
|*Feature*
|*Description*

|*API Rate Limits*
//RLP-129569, RLP-139236

|Prisma Cloud uses API https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/rate-limits/[rate limits] at the endpoint level to protect the performance and availability of its services. Rate limits will be applied to additional APIs starting from the 24.6.1 release. Details of these rate limits will be made available in the supporting API documentation and Look Ahead Notices when these limits are introduced.

For more information, see the <<api-rate-limits>> table below.

|===

[#api-rate-limits]
==== API Rate Limits
//RLP-129569, RLP-139236

Rate limits will apply to the following endpoints in release *24.6.1*.

[cols="60%a,20%a,20%a"]
|===
|*Endpoint*
|*Rate Limit (tps)*
|*Burst Rate (tps)*

3+|*Resource Lists*

|Get Resource Lists -  https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-all-resource-list-for-customer/[GET /v1/resource_list] 
|80 
|80

|Get Resource List by ID - https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-resource-list-by-id/[GET /v1/resource_list/#id]
|4
|4

|Get Resource List Types - https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-resource-list-types/[GET /v1/resource_list/types]
|4
|4

|Get Resource List Names -  GET /v1/resource_list/names
|80 
|80


3+|*Account Groups*

|List Account Groups - https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-account-groups/[GET /cloud/group]
|32
|32

|Account Group Info -  https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-account-group/[GET /cloud/group/#id]
|80
|80

|List Account Group Names - https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-account-group-name/[GET /cloud/group/name]
|32
|32

|List Account Group Names by Cloud Type - https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-account-group-name-by-cloud-type/[GET cloud/group/name/#cloud_type]
|4
|4

3+|*Collections*

| Get All Collections - https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-all-collections/[GET /entitlement/api/v1/collection]
|4
|4

| Get Collection by ID - https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-collection-by-id/[GET /entitlement/api/v1/collection/#id]
|8
|8

|===


[#new-policies]
=== New Policies

Learn about the new policies and upcoming policy changes for new and existing Prisma Cloud System policies.

==== Access the Look Ahead for New Policies

To learn about the new policies that will be added in the next release:


. Find the Prisma Cloud policies folder on GitHub.
+
The folder contains RQL based Config, IAM, Network, and Audit Event policies in JSON format. https://github.com/PaloAltoNetworks/prisma-cloud-policies[View the GitHub repo].

. Select the branch for which you want to review policy updates.
+
The *Master* branch represents the Prisma Cloud release that is generally available. You can switch to a previous release or the next release branch, to review the policies that were published previously or are planned for the upcoming release.
+
Because Prisma Cloud typically has 2 releases in a month, the release naming convention in GitHub is PCS-<year>.<month>.<release-chronology, 1 or 2>. For example, PCS-24.6.1.

. Review the updates.
+
Use the changelog.md file for a cumulative list of all policies that are added to a specific release. The policies are grouped by new policies and updated policies.
+
Use the *policies* folder to review the JSON for each policy that is added or updated as listed in the changelog. The filename for each policy matches the policy name listed in the changelog. Within each policy file, the JSON field names are described aptly to help you easily identify the characteristic it represents. The JSON field named searchModel.query provides the RQL for the policy.

//[#policy-updates]
//=== Policy Updates

//[cols="50%a,50%a"]
//|===
//|*Policy Updates*
//|*Description*

// |**
//RLP-
// |*Changes*— .
//*Severity*— 
//*Policy Type*— 
//*Current Description—* .
//*Updated Description—* .
//*Current RQL—*
//----
//----
//*Updated RQL—*
//----
//----
//*Impact*— 

//|===

[#api-ingestions]
=== API Ingestions

[cols="50%a,50%a"]
|===
|*Service*
|*API Details*

|*Amazon CloudFront*
//RLP-139944

|*aws-cloudfront-response-headers-policy*

Additional permissions required:

* `cloudfront:ListResponseHeadersPolicies`
* `cloudfront:GetResponseHeadersPolicy`

The Security Audit role includes the permissions. 

|*AWS Database Migration Service*
//RLP-139939

|*aws-dms-replication-task*

Additional permissions required:

* `dms:DescribeReplicationTasks`
* `dms:ListTagsForResource`

The Security Audit role includes the permissions. 

|*AWS Network Firewall*
//RLP-139913

|*aws-network-firewall-rule-group*

Additional permissions required:

* `network-firewall:ListRuleGroups`
* `network-firewall:DescribeRuleGroup`

The Security Audit role includes the permissions. 

|*AWS Glue*
//RLP-139895

|*aws-glue-resource-policy*

Additional permission required:

* `glue:GetResourcePolicies`

You must manually add the above permission to the CFT template to enable it.

//The Security Audit role includes the permissions. 

|*AWS Macie*
//RLP-139941

|*aws-macie2-classification-job*

Additional permission required:

* `macie2:ListClassificationJobs`

You must manually add the above permission to the CFT template to enable it.

//The Security Audit Policy does not include the permission. 


|*Azure Monitor*
//RLP-136333

|*azure-monitor-action-groups*

Additional permission required:

* `Microsoft.Insights/ActionGroups/Read`

The Reader role includes the permission. 

|*Azure Log Analytics*
//RLP-120365

|*azure-log-analytics-clusters*

Additional permission required:

* `Microsoft.OperationalInsights/clusters/read`

The Reader role includes the permission. 

|*Azure App Service*
//RLP-139922

|*azure-app-service-private-endpoint-connections*

Additional permissions required:

* `Microsoft.Web/sites/Read`
* `Microsoft.Web/sites/privateEndpointConnections/Read`

The Reader role includes the permissions. 

|*Azure Event Grid*
//RLP-139161

|*azure-event-grid-namespaces*

Additional permission required:

* `Microsoft.EventGrid/namespaces/read`

The Reader role includes the permission. 

|*Azure Virtual Network*
//RLP-139108

|*azure-network-private-dns-zone-groups*

Additional permissions required:

* `Microsoft.Network/privateEndpoints/read`
* `Microsoft.Network/privateEndpoints/privateDnsZoneGroups/read`

The Reader role includes the permissions. 

|*Google Storage Transfer*
//RLP-140219

|*gcloud-storage-transfer-agent-pool*

Additional permission required:

* `storagetransfer.agentpools.list`

The Viewer role includes the permission. 

|*Google Storage Transfer*
//RLP-140218

|*gcloud-storage-transfer-job*

Additional permission required:

* `storagetransfer.jobs.list`

The Viewer role includes the permission. 

|*Google Cloud Workstation*
//RLP-140215

|*gcloud-cloud-workstation-configuration*

Additional permissions required:

* `workstations.workstationClusters.list`
* `workstations.workstationConfigs.list`
* `workstations.workstationConfigs.getIamPolicy`

The Viewer role includes the permissions. 

|*Google Cloud Workstation*
//RLP-140214

|*gcloud-cloud-workstation-cluster*

Additional permission required:

* `workstations.workstationClusters.list`

The Viewer role includes the permission. 

|*Google Cloud Workstation*
//RLP-136571

|*gcloud-cloud-workstation*

Additional permissions required:

* `workstations.workstationClusters.list`
* `workstations.workstationConfigs.list`
* `workstations.workstations.list`
* `workstations.workstationConfigs.getIamPolicy`

The Viewer role includes the permissions. 

// |*Ensure multi-factor authentication (MFA) is enabled for the account owner*
//RLP-137906 - removed since IBM policies are not yet GA
// |*Changes*— A *mfaStatus* field is now appended to the existing *ibm-iam-user* API. 
// To call this method, you must be assigned one or more IAM access roles that include the `iam-identity.mfa-status.get` action.

|===

[#new-compliance-benchmarks-and-updates]
=== New Compliance Benchmarks and Updates

[cols="50%a,50%a"]
|===
|*Compliance Benchmark*
|*Description*

|*Support for CIS GKE v1.5*

//RLP-140371

|Prisma Cloud will support CIS GKE version 1.5. The latest version has new controls and new Prisma cloud policies are mapped to the controls increasing the overall coverage.

You can view this built-in standard and the associated policies on *Compliance > Standards*. You can also generate reports for immediate viewing or download, or schedule recurring reports to track this compliance standard over time.


// |*Support for CIS OCI v2.0*
//RLP-140367
// |Prisma Cloud will support CIS OCI version 2.0. The latest version has new controls and new Prisma cloud policies are mapped to the controls increasing the overall coverage.
// You can view this built-in standard and the associated policies on *Compliance > Standards*. You can also generate reports for immediate viewing or download, or schedule recurring reports to track this compliance standard over time.


|*Support for CIS Azure Foundation benchmark v2.1*

//RLP-140362

|Prisma Cloud will support CIS Azure Foundation benchmark version 2.1. The latest version has new controls and new Prisma cloud policies are mapped to the controls increasing the overall coverage.

You can view this built-in standard and the associated policies on *Compliance > Standards*. You can also generate reports for immediate viewing or download, or schedule recurring reports to track this compliance standard over time.


|===

[#deprecation-notices]
=== Deprecation Notices

[cols="35%a,10%a,10%a,45%a"]
|===

|*Deprecated Endpoints or Parameters*
|*Deprecated Release*
|*Sunset Release*
|*Replacement Endpoints*

|*End of support for Azure Data Lake Analytics and Azure Data Lake Storage Gen1 Services*

//RLP-134902, RLP-127361

|NA
|24.6.1

|The following APIs are planned for deprecation because Azure has announced the retirement of Azure Data Lake Analytics and Azure Data Lake Storage Gen1 Services. Due to this, Prisma Cloud will no longer ingest metadata for the following APIs:

* azure-data-lake-analytics-account
* azure-data-lake-analytics-diagnostic-settings
* azure-data-lake-store-gen1-account
* azure-data-lake-store-gen1-diagnostic-settings

In RQL, the key will not be available in the `api.name` attribute auto-completion.

*Impact*—If you have a saved search or custom policies based on this API, you must delete those manually. The policy alerts will be resolved as Policy_Deleted.


|tt:[*Deprecation of Compliance Standards*]

The following legacy Compliance Standards are planned for deprecation at the end of May 2024. The standards will be removed from the Prisma Cloud console at the end of July 2024.

* MITRE ATT&CK v10.0
* MITRE ATT&CK v6.3
* MITRE ATT&CK v8.2
* HITRUST CSF v9.3
* HITRUST v.9.4.2

//RLP-140241

|24.5.2
|24.7.2
|You must upgrade to the latest version of the Compliance Standards:

* MITRE ATT&CK v14.0 Cloud IaaS for Enterprise
* HITRUST CSF v.11.2.0


|tt:[*Resource Explorer API*]

//RLP-131482

* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-resource/[GET/resource]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-timeline-for-resource/[POST /resource/timeline]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-resource-raw/[POST /resource/raw]

|23.9.2
|24.6.2
|* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-asset-details-by-id/[POST /uai/v1/asset]


|tt:[*Change to Compliance Trendline and Deprecation of Compliance Filters*]
//RLP-126719, need to check if this notice can be moved to current features in 24.1.2
| - 
| - 
|To provide better performance, the *Compliance trendline* will start displaying data only from the past one year. Prisma Cloud will not retain the snapshots of data older than one year.
The Compliance-related filters (*Compliance Requirement, Compliance Standard, and Compliance Section*) will not be available on Asset Inventory (*Inventory > Assets*).

|The following endpoints are deprecated as the date filters—time object or time string in query parameters or the request body—used by these APIs will be removed in the updated API endpoints. The updated API endpoints will always return current data.

tt:[*Prisma Cloud CSPM REST API for Compliance Posture*]

//RLP-120514

* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture/[get /compliance/posture]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture/[post /compliance/posture]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture-trend/[get /compliance/posture/trend]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture-trend/[post /compliance/posture/trend]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture-trend-for-standard/[get /compliance/posture/trend/{complianceId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture-trend-for-standard/[post /compliance/posture/trend/{complianceId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture-trend-for-requirement/[get /compliance/posture/trend/{complianceId}/{requirementId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture-trend-for-requirement/[post /compliance/posture/trend/{complianceId}/{requirementId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture-for-standard/[get /compliance/posture/{complianceId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture-for-standard/[post /compliance/posture/{complianceId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture-for-requirement/[get /compliance/posture/{complianceId}/{requirementId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture-for-requirement/[post /compliance/posture/{complianceId}/{requirementId}]

tt:[*Prisma Cloud CSPM REST API for Asset Explorer and Reports*]

* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/save-report/[post /report]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-resource-scan-info/[get /resource/scan_info]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-resource-scan-info/[post /resource/scan_info]

tt:[*Prisma Cloud CSPM REST API for Asset Inventory*]

* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/asset-inventory-v-2/[get /v2/inventory]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-method-for-asset-inventory-v-2/[post /v2/inventory]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/asset-inventory-trend-v-2/[get /v2/inventory/trend]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-method-asset-inventory-trend-v-2/[post /v2/inventory/trend]


|23.10.1

|24.6.1

|tt:[*Prisma Cloud CSPM REST API for Compliance Posture*]

* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture-v-2/[get /v2/compliance/posture]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture-v-2/[post /v2/compliance/posture]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture-trend-v-2/[get /v2/compliance/posture/trend]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture-trend-v-2/[post /compliance/posture/trend]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture-trend-for-standard-v-2/[get /v2/compliance/posture/trend/{complianceId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture-trend-for-standard-v-2/[post /v2/compliance/posture/trend/{complianceId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture-trend-for-requirement-v-2/[get /v2/compliance/posture/trend/{complianceId}/{requirementId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture-trend-for-requirement-v-2/[post /v2/compliance/posture/trend/{complianceId}/{requirementId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture-for-standard-v-2/[get /v2/compliance/posture/{complianceId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture-for-standard-v-2/[post /v2/compliance/posture/{complianceId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture-for-requirement-v-2/[get /v2/compliance/posture/{complianceId}/{requirementId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture-for-requirement-v-2/[post /v2/compliance/posture/{complianceId}/{requirementId}]

tt:[*Prisma Cloud CSPM REST API for Asset Explorer and Reports*]

* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/save-report-v-2/[post /v2/report]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-resource-scan-info-v-2/[get /v2/resource/scan_info]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-resource-scan-info-v-2/[post /v2/resource/scan_info]

tt:[*Prisma Cloud CSPM REST API for Asset Inventory*]

* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/asset-inventory-v-3/[get /v3/inventory]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-method-for-asset-inventory-v-3/[post /v3/inventory]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/asset-inventory-trend-v-3/[get /v3/inventory/trend]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-method-asset-inventory-trend-v-3/[post /v3/inventory/trend]


|tt:[*Deprecation of End Timestamp in Config Search*]
//RLP-126583, suset release TBD
| - 
| - 
|The end timestamp in the date selector for Config Search will soon be deprecated after which it will be ignored for all existing RQLs. You will only need to choose a start timestamp without having to specify the end timestamp.

|tt:[*Prisma Cloud CSPM REST API for Alerts*]
//RLP-25031, RLP-25937

Some Alert API request parameters and response object properties are now deprecated.

Query parameter `risk.grade` is deprecated for the following requests:

*  `GET /alert`
*  `GET /v2/alert`
*  `GET /alert/policy` 

Request body parameter `risk.grade` is deprecated for the following requests:

*  `POST /alert`
*  `POST /v2/alert`
*  `POST /alert/policy`

Response object property `riskDetail` is deprecated for the following requests:

*  `GET /alert`
*  `POST /alert`
*  `GET /alert/policy`
*  `POST /alert/policy`
*  `GET /alert/{id}`
*  `GET /v2/alert`
*  `POST /v2/alert`

Response object property `risk.grade.options` is deprecated for the following request:

* `GET /filter/alert/suggest`

| -
| -
| NA


|===

Commit message:

[LA 24.6.1] LM updates (#642)
* [LA 24.6.1] Updates

* minor fix

* messaging in change in existing behavior//added then removed on dev/pm inputs

* RLP-128008

* link to APIs

* minor update

docs/en/enterprise-edition/rn/look-ahead-planned-updates-prisma-cloud/look-ahead-secure-the-infrastructure.adoc, after:

[#ida01a4ab4-6a2c-429d-95be-86d8ac88a7b4]
== Look Ahead—Planned Updates to Secure the Infrastructure

Review any changes planned in the next Prisma Cloud release to ensure the security of your infrastructure.

Read this section to learn about what is planned in the 24.6.1 CSPM Platform, Agentless Container Host, Agentless Host Security, CIEM, Data Security, and CDEM releases. 

The Look Ahead announcements are for an upcoming release and it is not a cumulative list of all announcements.

[NOTE]
====
The details and functionality listed below are a preview and the actual release date is subject to change.
====

* <<changes-in-existing-behavior>>
* <<api-rate-limits>>
* <<new-policies>>
//* <<policy-updates>>
* <<api-ingestions>>
* <<new-compliance-benchmarks-and-updates>>
* <<rest-api-updates>>
* <<deprecation-notices>>

[#changes-in-existing-behavior]
=== Changes in Existing Behavior

[cols="50%a,50%a"]
|===
|*Feature*
|*Description*

|*API Rate Limits*
//RLP-129569, RLP-139236

|Prisma Cloud uses API https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/rate-limits/[rate limits] at the endpoint level to ensure the performance and availability of its services. Rate limits will be applied to additional APIs starting from the 24.6.1 release. 

Details of these rate limits will be made available in the supporting API documentation and Look Ahead Notices when these limits are introduced.

For more information, see the <<api-rate-limits>> table below.

|===

[#api-rate-limits]
==== API Rate Limits
//RLP-129569, RLP-139236

Rate limits will apply to the following endpoints in release *24.6.1*.

[cols="60%a,20%a,20%a"]
|===
|*Endpoint*
|*Rate Limit (tps)*
|*Burst Rate (tps)*

3+|*Resource Lists*

|Get Resource Lists -  https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-all-resource-list-for-customer/[GET /v1/resource_list] 
|80 
|80

|Get Resource List by ID - https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-resource-list-by-id/[GET /v1/resource_list/#id]
|4
|4

|Get Resource List Types - https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-resource-list-types/[GET /v1/resource_list/types]
|4
|4

|Get Resource List Names -  GET /v1/resource_list/names
|80 
|80


3+|*Account Groups*

|List Account Groups - https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-account-groups/[GET /cloud/group]
|32
|32

|Account Group Info -  https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-account-group/[GET /cloud/group/#id]
|80
|80

|List Account Group Names - https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-account-group-name/[GET /cloud/group/name]
|32
|32

|List Account Group Names by Cloud Type - https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-account-group-name-by-cloud-type/[GET cloud/group/name/#cloud_type]
|4
|4

3+|*Collections*

| Get All Collections - https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-all-collections/[GET /entitlement/api/v1/collection]
|4
|4

| Get Collection by ID - https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-collection-by-id/[GET /entitlement/api/v1/collection/#id]
|8
|8

|===


[#new-policies]
=== New Policies

Learn about the new policies and upcoming policy changes for new and existing Prisma Cloud System policies.

==== Access the Look Ahead for New Policies

To learn about the new policies that will be added in the next release:


. Find the Prisma Cloud policies folder on GitHub.
+
The folder contains RQL based Config, IAM, Network, and Audit Event policies in JSON format. https://github.com/PaloAltoNetworks/prisma-cloud-policies[View the GitHub repo].

. Select the branch for which you want to review policy updates.
+
The *Master* branch represents the Prisma Cloud release that is generally available. You can switch to a previous release or the next release branch, to review the policies that were published previously or are planned for the upcoming release.
+
Because Prisma Cloud typically has 2 releases in a month, the release naming convention in GitHub is PCS-<year>.<month>.<release-chronology, 1 or 2>. For example, PCS-24.6.1.

. Review the updates.
+
Use the changelog.md file for a cumulative list of all policies that are added to a specific release. The policies are grouped by new policies and updated policies.
+
Use the *policies* folder to review the JSON for each policy that is added or updated as listed in the changelog. The filename for each policy matches the policy name listed in the changelog. Within each policy file, the JSON field names are described aptly to help you easily identify the characteristic it represents. The JSON field named searchModel.query provides the RQL for the policy.

//[#policy-updates]
//=== Policy Updates

//[cols="50%a,50%a"]
//|===
//|*Policy Updates*
//|*Description*

// |**
//RLP-
// |*Changes*— .
//*Severity*— 
//*Policy Type*— 
//*Current Description—* .
//*Updated Description—* .
//*Current RQL—*
//----
//----
//*Updated RQL—*
//----
//----
//*Impact*— 

//|===

[#api-ingestions]
=== API Ingestions

[cols="50%a,50%a"]
|===
|*Service*
|*API Details*

|*Amazon CloudFront*
//RLP-139944

|*aws-cloudfront-response-headers-policy*

Additional permissions required:

* `cloudfront:ListResponseHeadersPolicies`
* `cloudfront:GetResponseHeadersPolicy`

The Security Audit role includes the permissions. 

|*AWS Database Migration Service*
//RLP-139939

|*aws-dms-replication-task*

Additional permissions required:

* `dms:DescribeReplicationTasks`
* `dms:ListTagsForResource`

The Security Audit role includes the permissions. 

|*AWS Network Firewall*
//RLP-139913

|*aws-network-firewall-rule-group*

Additional permissions required:

* `network-firewall:ListRuleGroups`
* `network-firewall:DescribeRuleGroup`

The Security Audit role includes the permissions. 

|*AWS Glue*
//RLP-139895

|*aws-glue-resource-policy*

Additional permission required:

* `glue:GetResourcePolicies`

You must manually add the above permission to the CFT template to enable it.

//The Security Audit role includes the permissions. 

|*AWS Macie*
//RLP-139941

|*aws-macie2-classification-job*

Additional permission required:

* `macie2:ListClassificationJobs`

You must manually add the above permission to the CFT template to enable it.

//The Security Audit Policy does not include the permission. 


|*Azure Monitor*
//RLP-136333

|*azure-monitor-action-groups*

Additional permission required:

* `Microsoft.Insights/ActionGroups/Read`

The Reader role includes the permission. 

|*Azure Log Analytics*
//RLP-120365

|*azure-log-analytics-clusters*

Additional permission required:

* `Microsoft.OperationalInsights/clusters/read`

The Reader role includes the permission. 

|*Azure App Service*
//RLP-139922

|*azure-app-service-private-endpoint-connections*

Additional permissions required:

* `Microsoft.Web/sites/Read`
* `Microsoft.Web/sites/privateEndpointConnections/Read`

The Reader role includes the permissions. 

|*Azure Event Grid*
//RLP-139161

|*azure-event-grid-namespaces*

Additional permission required:

* `Microsoft.EventGrid/namespaces/read`

The Reader role includes the permission. 

|*Azure Virtual Network*
//RLP-139108

|*azure-network-private-dns-zone-groups*

Additional permissions required:

* `Microsoft.Network/privateEndpoints/read`
* `Microsoft.Network/privateEndpoints/privateDnsZoneGroups/read`

The Reader role includes the permissions. 

|*Google Storage Transfer*
//RLP-140219

|*gcloud-storage-transfer-agent-pool*

Additional permission required:

* `storagetransfer.agentpools.list`

The Viewer role includes the permission. 

|*Google Storage Transfer*
//RLP-140218

|*gcloud-storage-transfer-job*

Additional permission required:

* `storagetransfer.jobs.list`

The Viewer role includes the permission. 

|*Google Cloud Workstation*
//RLP-140215

|*gcloud-cloud-workstation-configuration*

Additional permissions required:

* `workstations.workstationClusters.list`
* `workstations.workstationConfigs.list`
* `workstations.workstationConfigs.getIamPolicy`

The Viewer role includes the permissions. 

|*Google Cloud Workstation*
//RLP-140214

|*gcloud-cloud-workstation-cluster*

Additional permission required:

* `workstations.workstationClusters.list`

The Viewer role includes the permission. 

|*Google Cloud Workstation*
//RLP-136571

|*gcloud-cloud-workstation*

Additional permissions required:

* `workstations.workstationClusters.list`
* `workstations.workstationConfigs.list`
* `workstations.workstations.list`
* `workstations.workstationConfigs.getIamPolicy`

The Viewer role includes the permissions. 

// |*Ensure multi-factor authentication (MFA) is enabled for the account owner*
//RLP-137906 - removed since IBM policies are not yet GA
// |*Changes*— A *mfaStatus* field is now appended to the existing *ibm-iam-user* API. 
// To call this method, you must be assigned one or more IAM access roles that include the `iam-identity.mfa-status.get` action.

|===

[#new-compliance-benchmarks-and-updates]
=== New Compliance Benchmarks and Updates

[cols="50%a,50%a"]
|===
|*Compliance Benchmark*
|*Description*

|*Support for CIS GKE v1.5*

//RLP-140371

|Prisma Cloud will support CIS GKE version 1.5. The latest version has new controls and new Prisma cloud policies are mapped to the controls increasing the overall coverage.

You can view this built-in standard and the associated policies on *Compliance > Standards*. You can also generate reports for immediate viewing or download, or schedule recurring reports to track this compliance standard over time.


// |*Support for CIS OCI v2.0*
//RLP-140367
// |Prisma Cloud will support CIS OCI version 2.0. The latest version has new controls and new Prisma cloud policies are mapped to the controls increasing the overall coverage.
// You can view this built-in standard and the associated policies on *Compliance > Standards*. You can also generate reports for immediate viewing or download, or schedule recurring reports to track this compliance standard over time.


|*Support for CIS Azure Foundation benchmark v2.1*

//RLP-140362

|Prisma Cloud will support CIS Azure Foundation benchmark version 2.1. The latest version has new controls and new Prisma cloud policies are mapped to the controls increasing the overall coverage.

You can view this built-in standard and the associated policies on *Compliance > Standards*. You can also generate reports for immediate viewing or download, or schedule recurring reports to track this compliance standard over time.


|===

[#rest-api-updates]
=== REST API Updates

[cols="37%a,63%a"]
|===
|*Change*
|*Description*

|*Update to Alerts APIs*

//RLP-128008

|The https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/alert-policy-list/[POST /alert/v1/policy] and https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/alert-aggregation/[POST /alert/v1/aggregate] APIs will have an additional `countDetails` parameter in the response that will include `totalAlerts` and `totalPolicies`. This parameter allows you to view the total number of alerts across the total number of policies on the *Alerts Overview* page.

|===


[#deprecation-notices]
=== Deprecation Notices

[cols="35%a,10%a,10%a,45%a"]
|===

|*Deprecated Endpoints or Parameters*
|*Deprecated Release*
|*Sunset Release*
|*Replacement Endpoints*

|*End of support for Azure Data Lake Analytics and Azure Data Lake Storage Gen1 Services*

//RLP-134902, RLP-127361

|NA
|24.6.1

|The following APIs are planned for deprecation because Azure has announced the retirement of Azure Data Lake Analytics and Azure Data Lake Storage Gen1 Services. Due to this, Prisma Cloud will no longer ingest metadata for the following APIs:

* azure-data-lake-analytics-account
* azure-data-lake-analytics-diagnostic-settings
* azure-data-lake-store-gen1-account
* azure-data-lake-store-gen1-diagnostic-settings

In RQL, the key will not be available in the `api.name` attribute auto-completion.

*Impact*—If you have a saved search or custom policies based on this API, you must delete those manually. The policy alerts will be resolved as Policy_Deleted.


|tt:[*Deprecation of Compliance Standards*]

The following legacy Compliance Standards are planned for deprecation at the end of May 2024. The standards will be removed from the Prisma Cloud console at the end of July 2024.

* MITRE ATT&CK v10.0
* MITRE ATT&CK v6.3
* MITRE ATT&CK v8.2
* HITRUST CSF v9.3
* HITRUST v.9.4.2

//RLP-140241

|24.5.2
|24.7.2
|You must upgrade to the latest version of the Compliance Standards:

* MITRE ATT&CK v14.0 Cloud IaaS for Enterprise
* HITRUST CSF v.11.2.0


|tt:[*Resource Explorer API*]

//RLP-131482

* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-resource/[GET/resource]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-timeline-for-resource/[POST /resource/timeline]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-resource-raw/[POST /resource/raw]

|23.9.2
|24.6.2
|* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-asset-details-by-id/[POST /uai/v1/asset]


|tt:[*Change to Compliance Trendline and Deprecation of Compliance Filters*]
//RLP-126719, need to check if this notice can be moved to current features in 24.1.2
| - 
| - 
|To provide better performance, the *Compliance trendline* will start displaying data only from the past one year. Prisma Cloud will not retain the snapshots of data older than one year.
The Compliance-related filters (*Compliance Requirement, Compliance Standard, and Compliance Section*) will not be available on Asset Inventory (*Inventory > Assets*).

|The following endpoints are deprecated as the date filters—time object or time string in query parameters or the request body—used by these APIs will be removed in the updated API endpoints. The updated API endpoints will always return current data.

tt:[*Prisma Cloud CSPM REST API for Compliance Posture*]

//RLP-120514

* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture/[get /compliance/posture]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture/[post /compliance/posture]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture-trend/[get /compliance/posture/trend]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture-trend/[post /compliance/posture/trend]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture-trend-for-standard/[get /compliance/posture/trend/{complianceId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture-trend-for-standard/[post /compliance/posture/trend/{complianceId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture-trend-for-requirement/[get /compliance/posture/trend/{complianceId}/{requirementId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture-trend-for-requirement/[post /compliance/posture/trend/{complianceId}/{requirementId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture-for-standard/[get /compliance/posture/{complianceId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture-for-standard/[post /compliance/posture/{complianceId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture-for-requirement/[get /compliance/posture/{complianceId}/{requirementId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture-for-requirement/[post /compliance/posture/{complianceId}/{requirementId}]

tt:[*Prisma Cloud CSPM REST API for Asset Explorer and Reports*]

* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/save-report/[post /report]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-resource-scan-info/[get /resource/scan_info]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-resource-scan-info/[post /resource/scan_info]

tt:[*Prisma Cloud CSPM REST API for Asset Inventory*]

* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/asset-inventory-v-2/[get /v2/inventory]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-method-for-asset-inventory-v-2/[post /v2/inventory]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/asset-inventory-trend-v-2/[get /v2/inventory/trend]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-method-asset-inventory-trend-v-2/[post /v2/inventory/trend]


|23.10.1

|24.6.1

|tt:[*Prisma Cloud CSPM REST API for Compliance Posture*]

* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture-v-2/[get /v2/compliance/posture]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture-v-2/[post /v2/compliance/posture]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture-trend-v-2/[get /v2/compliance/posture/trend]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture-trend-v-2/[post /compliance/posture/trend]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture-trend-for-standard-v-2/[get /v2/compliance/posture/trend/{complianceId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture-trend-for-standard-v-2/[post /v2/compliance/posture/trend/{complianceId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture-trend-for-requirement-v-2/[get /v2/compliance/posture/trend/{complianceId}/{requirementId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture-trend-for-requirement-v-2/[post /v2/compliance/posture/trend/{complianceId}/{requirementId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture-for-standard-v-2/[get /v2/compliance/posture/{complianceId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture-for-standard-v-2/[post /v2/compliance/posture/{complianceId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-compliance-posture-for-requirement-v-2/[get /v2/compliance/posture/{complianceId}/{requirementId}]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-compliance-posture-for-requirement-v-2/[post /v2/compliance/posture/{complianceId}/{requirementId}]

tt:[*Prisma Cloud CSPM REST API for Asset Explorer and Reports*]

* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/save-report-v-2/[post /v2/report]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/get-resource-scan-info-v-2/[get /v2/resource/scan_info]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-resource-scan-info-v-2/[post /v2/resource/scan_info]

tt:[*Prisma Cloud CSPM REST API for Asset Inventory*]

* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/asset-inventory-v-3/[get /v3/inventory]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-method-for-asset-inventory-v-3/[post /v3/inventory]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/asset-inventory-trend-v-3/[get /v3/inventory/trend]
* https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cspm/post-method-asset-inventory-trend-v-3/[post /v3/inventory/trend]


|tt:[*Deprecation of End Timestamp in Config Search*]
//RLP-126583, suset release TBD
| - 
| - 
|The end timestamp in the date selector for Config Search will soon be deprecated after which it will be ignored for all existing RQLs. You will only need to choose a start timestamp without having to specify the end timestamp.

|tt:[*Prisma Cloud CSPM REST API for Alerts*]
//RLP-25031, RLP-25937

Some Alert API request parameters and response object properties are now deprecated.

Query parameter `risk.grade` is deprecated for the following requests:

*  `GET /alert`
*  `GET /v2/alert`
*  `GET /alert/policy` 

Request body parameter `risk.grade` is deprecated for the following requests:

*  `POST /alert`
*  `POST /v2/alert`
*  `POST /alert/policy`

Response object property `riskDetail` is deprecated for the following requests:

*  `GET /alert`
*  `POST /alert`
*  `GET /alert/policy`
*  `POST /alert/policy`
*  `GET /alert/{id}`
*  `GET /v2/alert`
*  `POST /v2/alert`

Response object property `risk.grade.options` is deprecated for the following request:

* `GET /filter/alert/suggest`

| -
| -
| NA


|===
