docs/en/enterprise-edition/rn/look-ahead-planned-updates-prisma-cloud/look-ahead-secure-the-runtime.adoc, before:

== Look Ahead—Planned Updates to Secure the Runtime

Review any changes planned in the next Prisma Cloud release to ensure the security of your runtime.

// There are no previews or look ahead announcements for the upcoming `32.03` release. Details on the updates included in the `32.03` release will be shared in the release notes that accompany the release.

[NOTE]
====
The details and functionality listed below are a preview of what is planned for the `v32.04` release; the changes listed herein and the actual release date, are subject to change.
====


// * <<defender-upgrade>>
// * <<new-ips-for-runtime>>
* <<enhancements>>
// * <<api-changes>>
// * <<deprecation-notices>>
// // * <<eos-notices>>
* <<addressed-issues>>


// [#new-ips-for-runtime]
// === New IPs for Runtime Security


// [cols="40%a,30%a,30%a"]
// |===

// |===

[#enhancements]
=== Enhancements

The following enhancements are planned; the details will be available at release:

[cols="30%a,70%a"]
|===

//CWP-56841[Doc Ticket]CWP-48564[Eng Ticket]
//TODO: Require a confirmation from Tal to add the blurb in 32.04 release.
// | *Enhanced Vulnerability Assessment*
// | NVD utilizes the 'Running On/With' configuration, which combines nodes based on both vulnerable and non-vulnerable match criteria. This configuration specifies that for a vulnerability to apply, specific criteria must be met, such as packages or operating systems. Prisma Cloud now supports vulnerability assessment based on the 'Running On/With' configuration. This enhancement may result in a more accurate assessment of vulnerabilities, as Prisma Cloud now evaluates previously unassessed 'Running On/With' configurations.

//CWP-56798 [Doc Ticket]CWP-44076[Eng Ticket]
|*Blobstore Scanning Defender Upgrade for Tanzu Customers*
|Enhanced the existing blobstore scanning feature for Tanzu customers. As a part of this enhancement, existing blobstore scanning defenders  will now appear disconnected and new defender instances will be automatically created to replace them. The disconnected blobstore will disappear after 24 hours as part of the retention process. This upgrade excludes Linux and Windows defenders (Full coverage defenders).
If you have have configured blobstore scanning and assigned it to a specific blobstore defender after the release of 32.04, you are required to manually edit the configurations and change it to a newly created blobstore defender scanner. This release will also introduce a new tile support - Jimmy for TAS. 

|===


// [#deprecation-notices]
// === Deprecation Notices
// [cols="30%a,70%a"]
// |===

// |===

// [#api-changes]
// === API Changes

// [cols="30%a,70%a"]
// |===

// |===

// [#eos-notices]
// === End of Support Notices
// |===

// |===


[#addressed-issues]
=== Addressed Issues
[cols="30%a,70%a"]
|===

//CWP-56818[Doc ticket] CWP-53147 [Eng Ticket]
|Missing Node Count for EKS Clusters in SaaS Environment
|Previously, node count was not appearing for EKS clusters on *Manage > Cloud accounts* as a part of *Discovery* report. This is now addressed, and the accurate node count is displayed both on the Prisma Cloud console and in https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cwpp/get-cloud-discovery/[API Cloud Discovery scan results].

//CWP-56591 [Doc Ticket] CWP-50970 [Eng Ticket]
|*Inconsistency with jar packages names*
|Fixed an issue where old jar versions were not parsed properly.

//CWP-55859 [Eng Ticket]
|Add Incident timestamp Macro for Webhooks
|Add new supported macro to alerts webhook “incidentTime” indicated the time the incident occurred

|===

Commit message:

CWP-56589[Doc Ticket] CWP-49010 [Eng Ticket]

docs/en/enterprise-edition/rn/look-ahead-planned-updates-prisma-cloud/look-ahead-secure-the-runtime.adoc, after:

== Look Ahead—Planned Updates to Secure the Runtime

Review any changes planned in the next Prisma Cloud release to ensure the security of your runtime.

// There are no previews or look ahead announcements for the upcoming `32.03` release. Details on the updates included in the `32.03` release will be shared in the release notes that accompany the release.

[NOTE]
====
The details and functionality listed below are a preview of what is planned for the `v32.04` release; the changes listed herein and the actual release date, are subject to change.
====


// * <<defender-upgrade>>
// * <<new-ips-for-runtime>>
* <<enhancements>>
// * <<api-changes>>
// * <<deprecation-notices>>
// // * <<eos-notices>>
* <<addressed-issues>>


// [#new-ips-for-runtime]
// === New IPs for Runtime Security


// [cols="40%a,30%a,30%a"]
// |===

// |===

[#enhancements]
=== Enhancements

The following enhancements are planned; the details will be available at release:

[cols="30%a,70%a"]
|===

//CWP-56841[Doc Ticket]CWP-48564[Eng Ticket]
//TODO: Require a confirmation from Tal to add the blurb in 32.04 release.
// | *Enhanced Vulnerability Assessment*
// | NVD utilizes the 'Running On/With' configuration, which combines nodes based on both vulnerable and non-vulnerable match criteria. This configuration specifies that for a vulnerability to apply, specific criteria must be met, such as packages or operating systems. Prisma Cloud now supports vulnerability assessment based on the 'Running On/With' configuration. This enhancement may result in a more accurate assessment of vulnerabilities, as Prisma Cloud now evaluates previously unassessed 'Running On/With' configurations.

//CWP-56798 [Doc Ticket]CWP-44076[Eng Ticket]
|*Blobstore Scanning Defender Upgrade for Tanzu Customers*
|Enhanced the existing blobstore scanning feature for Tanzu customers. As a part of this enhancement, existing blobstore scanning defenders  will now appear disconnected and new defender instances will be automatically created to replace them. The disconnected blobstore will disappear after 24 hours as part of the retention process. This upgrade excludes Linux and Windows defenders (Full coverage defenders).
If you have have configured blobstore scanning and assigned it to a specific blobstore defender after the release of 32.04, you are required to manually edit the configurations and change it to a newly created blobstore defender scanner. This release will also introduce a new tile support - Jimmy for TAS. 

|===


// [#deprecation-notices]
// === Deprecation Notices
// [cols="30%a,70%a"]
// |===

// |===

// [#api-changes]
// === API Changes

// [cols="30%a,70%a"]
// |===

// |===

// [#eos-notices]
// === End of Support Notices
// |===

// |===


[#addressed-issues]
=== Addressed Issues
[cols="30%a,70%a"]
|===

//CWP-56818[Doc ticket] CWP-53147 [Eng Ticket]
|Missing Node Count for EKS Clusters in SaaS Environment
|Previously, node count was not appearing for EKS clusters on *Manage > Cloud accounts* as a part of *Discovery* report. This is now addressed, and the accurate node count is displayed both on the Prisma Cloud console and in https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/cwpp/get-cloud-discovery/[API Cloud Discovery scan results].

//CWP-56591 [Doc Ticket] CWP-50970 [Eng Ticket]
|*Inconsistency with jar packages names*
|Fixed an issue where old jar versions were not parsed properly.

//CWP-55859 [Eng Ticket]
|Add Incident timestamp Macro for Webhooks
|Add new supported macro to alerts webhook “incidentTime” indicated the time the incident occurred

//CWP-56589[Doc Ticket] CWP-49010 [Eng Ticket]
|*Twistcli Image Scanning*
|Resolved an issue where container images scanned with twistcli were not appearing in the Runtime Security, *Monitor >Vulnerabilities >Images >CI*. Use  `--build` and `--job` flags to include build number and job name information on *Runtime Security > Inventory*.
|===
