docs/en/classic/cspm-admin-guide/prisma-cloud-data-security/monitor-data-security-scan-prisma-cloud/data-security-settings.adoc, before:

[#data-security-settings]
== Define Data Security Scan Settings

The scan settings for data security allows you to configure scans for additional resources (buckets), view the data profiles and the associated data patterns, and modify what you want to scan.

After you add the cloud accounts that you want to scan using Prisma Cloud, the data security configurations that define what profiles and patterns are used to scan your files stored in the storage bucket, how sensitive information is displayed when there is a pattern match, and any modifications to enable and disable scans for specific buckets are available on menu:Settings[Data].

. Select menu:Settings[Data > Scan Settings].
+
The table view displays a list of all storage resources across the cloud accounts that you have added to Prisma Cloud. Buckets that are deleted after onboarding are not removed from this page.
+
The columns display the following information:
+
image::estimate-retrieval-2.png[scale=50]
+
.. The resource name, which is the bucket name as you defined it on the cloud service, cloud storage service name, and cloud service provider, and the cloud account name you provided when you onboarded the account on Prisma Cloud.

.. The estimated size of data.
+
Prisma Cloud retrieves the approximate *Storage Size* of the storage bucket and the *Last Estimate* timestamp indicates when the data was last retrieved. The estimate is updated once a week, by default, and it starts when you enable Data Security scanning for the cloud account. This size estimate excludes CloudTrail buckets and objects that contain ELB access logs, VPC flow logs, and S3 access logs.
+
From the *Estimate Retrieval* dropdown, you can set the estimate retrieval schedule to Daily, Weekly (default), or None. This is a tenant-level configuration and the schedule you set will affect all the accounts under that tenant. You can change the schedule once in 24 hours.
+
The *Storage for Sensitive Data Scanning* and *Storage for Malware Scanning* are an estimate of the data to be scanned based on the https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-admin/prisma-cloud-data-security/monitor-data-security-scan-prisma-cloud/supported-file-extensions[supported file types and file sizes] that are eligible. The estimated size for *Storage for Sensitive Data and Malware Scanning* maybe lesser than the sum total for the malware category and the sensitive data category because of file types that may overlap.

.. The *Scan Status* indicates whether each bucket is enabled or disabled for scanning, and when enabled whether it is performing Forward only, or Forward and Backward scans.

.. You cannot configure a scan for log buckets, for your awareness, *Configuration Status* displays *Contains logs*. If *Configuration Status* displays *Recently configured*, you cannot configure another scan for the next 24 hours since it was last configured.
+
[NOTE]
====
If Configuration Status displays Missing Permissions, see troubleshoot-data-security-errors.xml[Troubleshoot Data Security Errors].
====

. Configure scanning of buckets.

.. Select storage bucket(s) for which you want to *Configure Scan*.

.. *Enable Scanning* or toggle to disable scanning.

. Select *Scan* capabilities. You have the option to fine-tune your scanning configuration. You can choose whether you want to scan objects for public exposure only or for all (public exposure of sensitive data and malware).
+
* *Asset Level Scan* is the default scan option when you select the *Full Scan* option during configuration. This scan is only available for your AWS cloud accounts and only when you select the *Forward & Backward Scan* mode. Prisma Cloud scans up to 10% of the objects in a particular bucket or maximum of up to 1TB, whichever is lower. You will only be charged for up to 10% of the original data, which will be the credit consumed. 
+
If Prisma Cloud finds sensitive data before reaching 10% or 1TB, it stops the scan and lists those sensitive objects. Only the objects that are being scanned are listed in the object inventory, along with the exposure and sensitivity. Those are not sent for malware analysis. The remaining 90% of the objects are not displayed in the inventory.

* *Public Exposure Only in All Objects* scan detects objects that are publicly exposed (5 credits).

* *Sensitive Data and Malware in Publicly Exposed Objects* scan detects which publicly exposed objects contain sensitive data and malware (5 credits for exposure scan on all objects and extra 25 credits for full scan on only publicly exposed objects).

* *Public Exposure, Sensitive Data and Malware in All Objects* scan detects public exposure, sensitive data, and malware on all objects (5 credits for exposure scan on all objects and extra 25 credits for full scan on all eligible objects based on https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-admin/prisma-cloud-data-security/monitor-data-security-scan-prisma-cloud/supported-file-extensions#supported-file-extensions[file types and sizes].
+
image::a-la-carte-scan-4.png[scale=40]

. Select the *Scan Mode*.
+
* (tt:[Recommended]) When you select *Forward and Backward Scan*, the forward scan inspects any new or modified files, and the backward scan is retrospective, which means that it inspects files that exist in the storage bucket.

* With *Forward Scan Only*, Prisma Cloud scans all files that are modified or new files added to the bucket after you enable scanning. For forward scan, the scan scope is unknown and therefore an estimate of data to be scanned and the corresponding credit consumption is not displayed in the UI.
+
The size and number of https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-admin/prisma-cloud-data-security/monitor-data-security-scan-prisma-cloud/supported-file-extensions#supported-file-extensions[files] that you want to scan within your storage bucket will determine how many Prisma Cloud credits are used for Data Security.

. Depending on your *Scan Capabilities* and *Scan Mode* selection, the results will be displayed accordingly on the *Data Inventory* page.
+
image::data-inventory-1.png[scale=40]

. View the list of *Data Profiles* and *Data Patterns*.
+
By default, the predefined profiles—Financial Information, Healthcare, Intellectual Property, and PII—are enabled. To disable a data profile, toggle *Enabled* for one or more data profile. When disabled, the patterns associated with the profile are not used to discover sensitive content in your storage buckets.
+
To create custom data profiles and patterns and generate alerts for data policy violations, see xref:data-policies.adoc#data-policies[].
+
image::data-profiles-1.png[scale=40]

. Select a Data Profile to see all the Data Patterns included within the profile.
+
To add a custom data profile, see xref:data-policies.adoc#data-policies[].
+
image::dlp-scan-settings-data-patterns-1.png[scale=40]

. Select each data pattern to learn more.
+
image::data-patterns-1.png[scale=40]

. Select xref:mask-sensitive-data-on-prisma-cloud.adoc#id67d7e5c7-6f23-45f2-b7c3-79c5fde93d17[] to control the exposure of sensitive data.
+
image::pcds-snippet-masking.png[scale=50]

. Learn how to request for an increase in Data Security scan quota.With Prisma Cloud Data Security, the _Freemium_ experience offers 3 credits per tenant, before you are charged for using the Data Security module.
+
include::../../fragments/features-at-a-glance-id89f15e0e-2831-4680-b5f5-5cfeb8627296.adoc[]
+
image::data-security-scan-quota-1.png[scale=40]

Commit message:

image and link fixes (#257)
* image and link fixes

* fixed table

* fixed fragment

* fixed fragments

* fixed link to fragments

* fixed links in fragments

docs/en/classic/cspm-admin-guide/prisma-cloud-data-security/monitor-data-security-scan-prisma-cloud/data-security-settings.adoc, after:

[#data-security-settings]
== Define Data Security Scan Settings

The scan settings for data security allows you to configure scans for additional resources (buckets), view the data profiles and the associated data patterns, and modify what you want to scan.

After you add the cloud accounts that you want to scan using Prisma Cloud, the data security configurations that define what profiles and patterns are used to scan your files stored in the storage bucket, how sensitive information is displayed when there is a pattern match, and any modifications to enable and disable scans for specific buckets are available on *Settings > Data*.

. Select *Settings > Data > Scan Settings*.
+
The table view displays a list of all storage resources across the cloud accounts that you have added to Prisma Cloud. Buckets that are deleted after onboarding are not removed from this page.
+
The columns display the following information:
+
image::estimate-retrieval-2.png[scale=50]
+
.. The resource name, which is the bucket name as you defined it on the cloud service, cloud storage service name, and cloud service provider, and the cloud account name you provided when you onboarded the account on Prisma Cloud.

.. The estimated size of data.
+
Prisma Cloud retrieves the approximate *Storage Size* of the storage bucket and the *Last Estimate* timestamp indicates when the data was last retrieved. The estimate is updated once a week, by default, and it starts when you enable Data Security scanning for the cloud account. This size estimate excludes CloudTrail buckets and objects that contain ELB access logs, VPC flow logs, and S3 access logs.
+
From the *Estimate Retrieval* dropdown, you can set the estimate retrieval schedule to Daily, Weekly (default), or None. This is a tenant-level configuration and the schedule you set will affect all the accounts under that tenant. You can change the schedule once in 24 hours.
+
The *Storage for Sensitive Data Scanning* and *Storage for Malware Scanning* are an estimate of the data to be scanned based on the https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-admin/prisma-cloud-data-security/monitor-data-security-scan-prisma-cloud/supported-file-extensions[supported file types and file sizes] that are eligible. The estimated size for *Storage for Sensitive Data and Malware Scanning* maybe lesser than the sum total for the malware category and the sensitive data category because of file types that may overlap.

.. The *Scan Status* indicates whether each bucket is enabled or disabled for scanning, and when enabled whether it is performing Forward only, or Forward and Backward scans.

.. You cannot configure a scan for log buckets, for your awareness, *Configuration Status* displays *Contains logs*. If *Configuration Status* displays *Recently configured*, you cannot configure another scan for the next 24 hours since it was last configured.
+
[NOTE]
====
If Configuration Status displays Missing Permissions, see troubleshoot-data-security-errors.xml[Troubleshoot Data Security Errors].
====

. Configure scanning of buckets.

.. Select storage bucket(s) for which you want to *Configure Scan*.

.. *Enable Scanning* or toggle to disable scanning.

. Select *Scan* capabilities. You have the option to fine-tune your scanning configuration. You can choose whether you want to scan objects for public exposure only or for all (public exposure of sensitive data and malware).
+
* *Asset Level Scan* is the default scan option when you select the *Full Scan* option during configuration. This scan is only available for your AWS cloud accounts and only when you select the *Forward & Backward Scan* mode. Prisma Cloud scans up to 10% of the objects in a particular bucket or maximum of up to 1TB, whichever is lower. You will only be charged for up to 10% of the original data, which will be the credit consumed. 
+
If Prisma Cloud finds sensitive data before reaching 10% or 1TB, it stops the scan and lists those sensitive objects. Only the objects that are being scanned are listed in the object inventory, along with the exposure and sensitivity. Those are not sent for malware analysis. The remaining 90% of the objects are not displayed in the inventory.

* *Public Exposure Only in All Objects* scan detects objects that are publicly exposed (5 credits).

* *Sensitive Data and Malware in Publicly Exposed Objects* scan detects which publicly exposed objects contain sensitive data and malware (5 credits for exposure scan on all objects and extra 25 credits for full scan on only publicly exposed objects).

* *Public Exposure, Sensitive Data and Malware in All Objects* scan detects public exposure, sensitive data, and malware on all objects (5 credits for exposure scan on all objects and extra 25 credits for full scan on all eligible objects) based on https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-admin/prisma-cloud-data-security/monitor-data-security-scan-prisma-cloud/supported-file-extensions#supported-file-extensions[file types and sizes].
+
image::a-la-carte-scan-4.png[scale=40]

. Select the *Scan Mode*.
+
* (tt:[Recommended]) When you select *Forward and Backward Scan*, the forward scan inspects any new or modified files, and the backward scan is retrospective, which means that it inspects files that exist in the storage bucket.

* With *Forward Scan Only*, Prisma Cloud scans all files that are modified or new files added to the bucket after you enable scanning. For forward scan, the scan scope is unknown and therefore an estimate of data to be scanned and the corresponding credit consumption is not displayed in the UI.
+
The size and number of https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-admin/prisma-cloud-data-security/monitor-data-security-scan-prisma-cloud/supported-file-extensions#supported-file-extensions[files] that you want to scan within your storage bucket will determine how many Prisma Cloud credits are used for Data Security.

. Depending on your *Scan Capabilities* and *Scan Mode* selection, the results will be displayed accordingly on the *Data Inventory* page.
+
image::data-inventory-1.png[scale=40]

. View the list of *Data Profiles* and *Data Patterns*.
+
By default, the predefined profiles—Financial Information, Healthcare, Intellectual Property, and PII—are enabled. To disable a data profile, toggle *Enabled* for one or more data profile. When disabled, the patterns associated with the profile are not used to discover sensitive content in your storage buckets.
+
To create custom data profiles and patterns and generate alerts for data policy violations, see xref:data-policies.adoc#data-policies[data policies].
+
image::data-profiles-1.png[scale=40]

. Select a Data Profile to see all the Data Patterns included within the profile.
+
To add a custom data profile, see xref:data-policies.adoc#data-policies[data policies].
+
image::dlp-scan-settings-data-patterns-1.png[scale=40]

. Select each data pattern to learn more.
+
image::data-patterns-1.png[scale=40]

. Select xref:mask-sensitive-data-on-prisma-cloud.adoc#id67d7e5c7-6f23-45f2-b7c3-79c5fde93d17[mask sensitive data on prisma cloud] to control the exposure of sensitive data.
+
image::pcds-snippet-masking.png[scale=50]

. Learn how to request for an increase in Data Security scan quota.With Prisma Cloud Data Security, the _Freemium_ experience offers 3 credits per tenant, before you are charged for using the Data Security module.
+
The default scan quota for each tenant is 1500 credits; this quota allows you to control how much data is scanned so that you can align your organizational DLP budget with the amount of data that is scanned. This 1500 credits limit is adjustable and you can open a support ticket with Prisma Cloud Customer Success to increase it and balance your costs, while also ensuring that you're using Prisma Cloud Data Security to scan the file types that you want to secure.
+
image::data-security-scan-quota-1.png[scale=40]
