docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/get-started/get-started.adoc, before:

== Get Started with Application Security

This section provides you with step-by-step instructions and best practices to help you get up and running with the Application Security module.

[cols="2,1", options="header"]
|===
|*What do you want to do?*
|*Start here*

|*Enable* Application Security

|xref:enable-application-security.adoc[Enable] Application Security on the Prisma Cloud platform.

|*Subscribe* to the Application Security module offerings
|xref:application-security-license-types.adoc[Manage License Types] for Application Security.

|Configure user *roles and permissions*
|xref:manage-roles-permissions.adoc[Manage user roles and permissions] for Application Security.

|Connect your *Code and Build Providers* including VCS, CI/CD Runs and systems, artifactory and IDEs
|xref:connect-code-and-build-providers/connect-code-build-providers.adoc[Code and Build Providers]

|Scan non-default branches
|xref:non-default-branch-scan.adoc[Non-default branch scans]

|Gain *visibility* into your engineering technical stack
|xref:../visibility/repositories.adoc[Repositories]

|View an *inventory* of technologies and third party tools and services across your organization's SDLC
|xref:../visibility/technologies/technologies.adoc[Technologies]

|View a repository's *SBOM* including all open-source packages, third party services and tools used in code
|xref:../visibility/sbom.adoc[SBOM] 

|View a *dashboard* displaying a view of the top application security issues detected in your code across all systems 
|xref:../../dashboards/dashboards-application-security.adoc[Application Security Dashboard] 

|*Investigate* and perform an in-depth analysis of security issues across your engineering ecosystem
|xref:../../search-and-investigate/application-asset-queries/application-asset-queries.adoc[Application Asset Queries]

|Monitor and fix code build issues
|xref:../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/monitor-and-manage-code-build.adoc[Monitor and Manage Code Build Issues]


// |Find and fix issues in your pull requests and merge requests from a specific branch of a repository
// |See xref:../../dashboards/dashboards-application-security.adoc[Application Security Dashboard]

|Configure *thresholds* to enforce violation failures over a certain severity.
|xref:../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/enforcement.adoc[Enforcement]

|Identify, evaluate, and address *CI/CD* security risks
|xref:../risk-management/ci-cd-risks.adoc[CI/CD Risks]

|Enable *notifications* 
|xref:application-security-settings/enable-notifications.adoc[Enable Notifications]


|===

Commit message:

Fixed yml files and links for IDEs

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/get-started/get-started.adoc, after:

== Get Started with Application Security

This section provides you with step-by-step instructions and best practices to help you get up and running with the Application Security module.

[cols="2,1", options="header"]
|===
|*What do you want to do?*
|*Start here*

|*Enable* Application Security

|xref:enable-application-security.adoc[Enable] Application Security on the Prisma Cloud platform.

|*Subscribe* to the Application Security module offerings
|xref:application-security-license-types.adoc[Manage License Types] for Application Security.

|Configure user *roles and permissions*
|xref:manage-roles-permissions.adoc[Manage user roles and permissions] for Application Security.

|Connect your *Code and Build Providers* including VCS, CI/CD Runs and Systems, and artifactory 
|xref:connect-code-and-build-providers/connect-code-build-providers.adoc[Code and Build Providers]

|Connect your *IDE*
|xref:../ides/ides.adoc[Integrate Prisma Cloud plugin with your IDE]

|Scan non-default branches
|xref:non-default-branch-scan.adoc[Non-default branch scans]

|Gain *visibility* into your engineering technical stack
|xref:../visibility/repositories.adoc[Repositories]

|View an *inventory* of technologies and third party tools and services across your organization's SDLC
|xref:../visibility/technologies/technologies.adoc[Technologies]

|View a repository's *SBOM* including all open-source packages, third party services and tools used in code
|xref:../visibility/sbom.adoc[SBOM] 

|View a *dashboard* displaying a view of the top application security issues detected in your code across all systems 
|xref:../../dashboards/dashboards-application-security.adoc[Application Security Dashboard] 

|*Investigate* and perform an in-depth analysis of security issues across your engineering ecosystem
|xref:../../search-and-investigate/application-asset-queries/application-asset-queries.adoc[Application Asset Queries]

|Monitor and fix code build issues
|xref:../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/monitor-and-manage-code-build.adoc[Monitor and Manage Code Build Issues]


// |Find and fix issues in your pull requests and merge requests from a specific branch of a repository
// |See xref:../../dashboards/dashboards-application-security.adoc[Application Security Dashboard]

|Configure *thresholds* to enforce violation failures over a certain severity.
|xref:../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/enforcement.adoc[Enforcement]

|Identify, evaluate, and address *CI/CD* security risks
|xref:../risk-management/ci-cd-risks.adoc[CI/CD Risks]

|Enable *notifications* 
|xref:application-security-settings/enable-notifications.adoc[Enable Notifications]


|===
