docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/get-started/non-default-branch-scan.adoc, before:

:topic_type: task

== Non-Default Branch Scans

[.task]

== Non-Default Branch Scan

You can scan branches other than the main or master, such as a feature branch or sprint  branch,  to obtain a comprehensive overview of the security issues in those branches before merging them into the main branch.  

=== Support for Non-Default Branch Scans

* All version control systems (VCS) are supported
* Enforcement rules remain unimpacted, as they are enforced at the repository level, regardless of the branches scanned
* Tagging rules are applicable exclusively to the main branch
* Path exclusions are implemented at the repository level, and therefore are not impacted
* Drift detection is executed on the branch being scanned and is displayed in the results for each selected branch
* The Dashboard displays the results of the scanned non-default branch

=== Configure Non-Default Branch Scans

[.procedure]

. Before you begin, ensure that you have *Administrator* or *Owner* permissions to the repository.
. On the Prisma Cloud console, select *Application Security* > *Home* > *Settings* > click on the *Code & Repositories* tab.
+
An inventory of *Repositories* is displayed.

. Select the menu under the *Actions* column of a repository in which you want to scan a non-default branch > *Set scanned branch*. 
+
*Limitation*: Branch selection or switching branches is unavailable until either the initial integration process is completed or an integration update has been completed.
+
image::application-security/non-default-branch-set-scanbranch1.1.png[]

. In the modal that opens, select a branch from the menu > *Save* > *Approve*.
+
image::application-security/non-default-branch-select1.1.png[]
+
A scan on the non-default branch is immediately triggered after switching branches. Under the *Code & Build Providers* tab you can see the name of non-default branch of the repository displayed under the *Scanned Branch* column, while the *last scan date* column indicates the latest scan date of the selected branch.
 
=== Usage

Usage of a non-default branch is similar to that of a default branch. The following provides a quick reference to get you up and running. 

* *Monitor code build issues*: Prisma Cloud performs periodic scans on  non-default branches of integrated repositories of Version Control Systems (VCS) and event driven scans for CI/CD pipelines. For more on monitoring scan results see xref:../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/monitor-and-manage-code-build.adoc[Monitor Code Build Issues] 
+
NOTE: The branch name is displayed in the summary line in the Projects page

* *Fix code issues*: You can remediate scan results by adding issues to a fix cart to create a PR with a suggested fix. For more on fixing code issues see xref:../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/fix-code-issues.adoc[Fix Code Issues].
+
NOTE: When fixing an issue that has been opened on a non-default branch scan, the fix only applies to the specific branch.

* *Suppress code issues*: Eliminate false positives and more by suppressing code issues. For more on suppressing code issues see xref:../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/suppress-code-issues.adoc[Suppress Code Issues]. 

[NOTE]
====
* When suppressing an issue by policy or account, all issues are suppressed regardless of the selected branch
* When suppressing an issue in a Pull Request (PR) scan, the suppression will apply to the branch that the PR is about to be merged into. For example, if the periodic scan is on a non default branch, but the PR is to the default branch, then the suppression will not be applied in the periodic scans of the non-default branch.
====

Commit message:

Added that non-default branch scanning is only available under the new pricing model

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/get-started/non-default-branch-scan.adoc, after:

:topic_type: task

== Non-Default Branch Scans

[.task]

You can scan branches other than the main or master, such as a feature branch or sprint  branch, to obtain a comprehensive overview of the security issues in those branches before merging them into the main branch. 

NOTE: Non-default branch scanning functionality is available exclusively under the new pricing model. 

=== Support for Non-Default Branch Scans

* All version control systems (VCS) are supported
* Enforcement rules remain unimpacted, as they are enforced at the repository level, regardless of the branches scanned
* Tagging rules are applicable exclusively to the main branch
* Path exclusions are implemented at the repository level, and therefore are not impacted
* Drift detection is executed on the branch being scanned and is displayed in the results for each selected branch
* The Dashboard displays the results of the scanned non-default branch

=== Configure Non-Default Branch Scans

[.procedure]

. Before you begin, ensure that you have *Administrator* or *Owner* permissions to the repository.
. On the Prisma Cloud console, select *Application Security* > *Home* > *Settings* > click on the *Code & Repositories* tab.
+
An inventory of *Repositories* is displayed.

. Select the menu under the *Actions* column of a repository in which you want to scan a non-default branch > *Set scanned branch*. 
+
*Limitation*: Branch selection or switching branches is unavailable until either the initial integration process is completed or an integration update has been completed.
+
image::application-security/non-default-branch-set-scanbranch1.1.png[]

. In the modal that opens, select a branch from the menu > *Save* > *Approve*.
+
image::application-security/non-default-branch-select1.1.png[]
+
A scan on the non-default branch is immediately triggered after switching branches. Under the *Code & Build Providers* tab you can see the name of non-default branch of the repository displayed under the *Scanned Branch* column, while the *last scan date* column indicates the latest scan date of the selected branch.
 
=== Usage

Usage of a non-default branch is similar to that of a default branch. The following provides a quick reference to get you up and running. 

* *Monitor code build issues*: Prisma Cloud performs periodic scans on  non-default branches of integrated repositories of Version Control Systems (VCS) and event driven scans for CI/CD pipelines. For more on monitoring scan results see xref:../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/monitor-and-manage-code-build.adoc[Monitor Code Build Issues] 
+
NOTE: The branch name is displayed in the summary line in the Projects page

* *Fix code issues*: You can remediate scan results by adding issues to a fix cart to create a PR with a suggested fix. For more on fixing code issues see xref:../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/fix-code-issues.adoc[Fix Code Issues].
+
NOTE: When fixing an issue that has been opened on a non-default branch scan, the fix only applies to the specific branch.

* *Suppress code issues*: Eliminate false positives and more by suppressing code issues. For more on suppressing code issues see xref:../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/suppress-code-issues.adoc[Suppress Code Issues]. 

[NOTE]
====
* When suppressing an issue by policy or account, all issues are suppressed regardless of the selected branch
* When suppressing an issue in a Pull Request (PR) scan, the suppression will apply to the branch that the PR is about to be merged into. For example, if the periodic scan is on a non default branch, but the PR is to the default branch, then the suppression will not be applied in the periodic scans of the non-default branch.
====
