docs/en/compute-edition/31/admin-guide/install/deploy-defender/orchestrator/install-gke-autopilot.adoc, before:

:topic_type: task
[#gke-autopilot]
[.task]
== Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) Autopilot

You can now install the Prisma Cloud DaemonSet Defender on your GKE *Autopilot* cluster.
GKE Autopilot clusters are using https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/using-containerd[*cos_containerd*] nodes, therefore the DaemonSet must  be configured with *CRI runtime*. 
Defenders deployed on GKE Autopilot clusters only support the official twistlock registry. You can't use a custom registry.

[.procedure]
. Review the prerequisites and the procedure in the *Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)* and the *Install Prisma Cloud on a CRI (non-Docker) cluster* sections.

. Use the following twistcli command to generate the YAML file for the GKE Autopilot deployment.
+
ifdef::prisma_cloud[]
[source]
----
   $ <PLATFORM>/twistcli defender export kubernetes \
    --gke-autopilot \
    --container-runtime crio \
    --cluster-address <console address> \
    --address https://<console address>:443
----
endif::prisma_cloud[]
ifdef::compute_edition[]
[source]
----
   $ <PLATFORM>/twistcli defender export kubernetes \
    --gke-autopilot \
    --container-runtime crio \
    --cluster-address <console address> \
    --address https://<console address>:8083
----
endif::compute_edition[]
+
The `--gke autopilot flag adds the 'autopilot.gke.io/no-connect: "true"`' annotation to the YAML file and `--container-runtime crio` flag enables the CRI option for nodes that use the Container Runtime Interface (CRI), not Docker. It also removes the  '/var/lib/containers' mount from the generated file as that configuration is not required for the GKE autopilot deployment.
+
[NOTE]
====
If you are using the web interface, on  *Manage > Defenders > Defenders: Deployed > Manual deploy* ensure that the *orchestrator type* is *Kubernetes*, select the *Container Runtime type* as *CRI-O*, and enable *GKE Autopilot deployment*.
====

. Create the *twistlock* namespace on your cluster by running the following command:
     
  $ kubectl create namespace twistlock
  
. Deploy the updated YAML or the Helm chart on your GKE Autopilot cluster.

. Verify that the Defenders are deployed.
+
After a few minutes you should observe the nodes and running containers in Console, with Prisma Cloud Compute now protecting your cluster.

Commit message:

[Runtime Security]: Update GKE Autopilot Defender command

docs/en/compute-edition/31/admin-guide/install/deploy-defender/orchestrator/install-gke-autopilot.adoc, after:

:topic_type: task
[#gke-autopilot]
[.task]
== Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) Autopilot

You can now install the Prisma Cloud DaemonSet Defender on your GKE *Autopilot* cluster.
GKE Autopilot clusters are using https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/using-containerd[*cos_containerd*] nodes, therefore the DaemonSet must be configured with *Containerd* runtime. 
Defenders deployed on GKE Autopilot clusters only support the official twistlock registry. You can't use a custom registry.

[.procedure]
. Review the prerequisites and the procedure in the *Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)* and the *Install Prisma Cloud on a CRI (non-Docker) cluster* sections.

. Use the following twistcli command to generate the YAML file for the GKE Autopilot deployment.
+
ifdef::prisma_cloud[]
[source]
----
   $ <PLATFORM>/twistcli defender export kubernetes \
    --gke-autopilot \
    --container-runtime containerd \
    --cluster-address <console address> \
    --address https://<console address>:443
----
endif::prisma_cloud[]
ifdef::compute_edition[]
[source]
----
   $ <PLATFORM>/twistcli defender export kubernetes \
    --gke-autopilot \
    --container-runtime containerd \
    --cluster-address <console address> \
    --address https://<console address>:8083
----
endif::compute_edition[]
+
The `--gke autopilot flag adds the 'autopilot.gke.io/no-connect: "true"`' annotation to the YAML file and `--container-runtime containerd` flag enables GKE Autopilot clusters to use the Container-Optimized OS with containerd node image, not Docker. It also removes the  '/var/lib/containers' mount from the generated file as that configuration is not required for the GKE autopilot deployment.
+
[NOTE]
====
If you are using the web interface, on *Runtime Security > Manage > Defenders > Defenders: Deployed > Manual deploy* ensure that the *orchestrator type* is *Kubernetes*, select the *Container Runtime type* as *Containerd*, and enable *GKE Autopilot deployment*.
====

. Create the *twistlock* namespace on your cluster by running the following command:
     
  $ kubectl create namespace twistlock
  
. Deploy the updated YAML or the Helm chart on your GKE Autopilot cluster.

. Verify that the Defenders are deployed.
+
After a few minutes you should observe the nodes and running containers in Console, with Prisma Cloud Compute now protecting your cluster.
