docs/en/enterprise-edition/policy-reference/panos-policies/panos-policies/ansible-panos-5.adoc, before:

== Security rule has application set to any

=== Policy Details 

[width=45%]
[cols="1,1"]
|=== 
|Prisma Cloud Policy ID 
| TBD

|Checkov ID 
| https://github.com/bridgecrewio/checkov/blob/main/checkov/ansible/checks/graph_checks/PanosPolicyNoApplicationAny.yaml[CKV_PAN_5]

|Severity
|MEDIUM

|Subtype
|Build

|Frameworks
|Ansible

|=== 

=== Description

This policy ensures that security rules in Palo Alto Networks devices are defined with specific applications rather than using 'any'. Setting the 'application' attribute to 'any' in security rules can lead to overly permissive configurations, potentially allowing traffic that should be inspected or blocked. The policy checks that the `application` attribute in `panos_security_rule` resources is explicitly set to a value other than 'any', promoting precise and secure application-based rule definitions.

=== Fix - Buildtime

*Palo Alto Networks*

* *Resource:* panos_security_rule
* *Attribute:* application

To adhere to this policy, define the `application` attribute in your `panos_security_rule` resources with specific applications instead of 'any'. Specifying applications enhances the security by ensuring that only traffic corresponding to the defined applications is matched by the rule.

Secure code example:

[source,yaml]
----
- name: Ensure application is defined specifically in security rules
  paloaltonetworks.panos.panos_security_rule:
    name: "example-rule"
    application: ['web-browsing', 'ssl']
----

Setting the `application` to specific values rather than 'any' aligns with this policy, ensuring that the rule accurately reflects the intended traffic control, thereby enhancing network security.

Commit message:

Fixes based on Jonathan's feedback

docs/en/enterprise-edition/policy-reference/panos-policies/panos-policies/ansible-panos-5.adoc, after:

== Security rule allows any application on Palo Alto Networks devices

=== Policy Details 

[width=45%]
[cols="1,1"]
|=== 
|Prisma Cloud Policy ID 
| TBD

|Checkov ID 
| https://github.com/bridgecrewio/checkov/blob/main/checkov/ansible/checks/graph_checks/PanosPolicyNoApplicationAny.yaml[CKV_PAN_5]

|Severity
|MEDIUM

|Subtype
|Build

|Frameworks
|Ansible

|=== 

=== Description

This policy detects whether security rules in Palo Alto Networks devices are defined using 'any' instead of with specific applications. Setting the 'application' attribute to 'any' in security rules can lead to overly permissive configurations, potentially allowing traffic that should be inspected or blocked.

=== Fix - Buildtime

*Palo Alto Networks*

* *Resource:* panos_security_rule
* *Attribute:* application

To mitigate this issue, define the application attribute in your panos_security_rule resources with specific applications instead of 'any'. Specifying applications enhances security by ensuring that only traffic corresponding to the defined applications is matched by the rule.

Secure Code Example:

[source,yaml]
----
- name: Ensure application is defined specifically in security rules
  paloaltonetworks.panos.panos_security_rule:
    name: "example-rule"
    application: ['web-browsing', 'ssl']
----

In this example, setting the `application` to specific values rather than 'any' ensures that only traffic corresponding to the defined applications is matched by the rule, thereby enhancing network security.
