docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/on-prem-deployment/on-prem-health-check.adoc, before:

== On Premises Health Check

The health check provides information about connectivity with your Prisma Cloud on-premises (on-prem) environment, including the most recent connection establishment time. Automatic health checks are run every hour.

[.task]

[#verify-onprem-connect]
=== Verify On-Prem Connectivity 

[.procedure]

. Access your on-prem integration: In *Application Security*, select *Settings* > *Advanced Deployments* > *On-Prem Connection*.
+
image::[]

. Under *Alias*, select your on-prem deployment.
+
The on-prem deployment connectivity status is displayed.
+
image::[]

=== Health Checks

You can perform the following on-prem connectivity health checks.

=== Refresh On-Prem connectivity

If you are disconnected you can perform a connectivity refresh.

. Access the on-prem deployment connectivity status - see <<#verify-onprem-connect,Verify On-Prem Connectivity>> above.

. Select the *Refresh* icon to perform a connectivity check. The result is displayed in the console UI.
+
image::[]

=== Verify On-Prem Connectivity with Ingress

This check verifies network level accessibility, including routes, firewall rules, and access lists. Ensure that the host used for configuration has access to the specified Ingress URL using the domain name and port defined by the customer for the ingress.

Run: `curl -X GET \https://transporter.ingress.url.com:443/healthz -k`.

=== Verify On-Prem Connectivity without Ingress

To verify on-prem connectivity without ingress, access the Transporter Client pod on Kubernetes (K8s), and send the request from there:

. Run `kubectl get pods` to find the Transporter Client pod name.

. Connect to the Transporter Client pod: `kubectl exec -it -c transporter POD_NAME -- sh`.
+ 
Example: `kubectl exec -it -c transporter transporter-76c74b54cb-hnd5n -- sh`.

. After connecting to the Transporter Client, run `curl -X GET https://localhost:8080/healthz -k`.
+
Success response: `{‘ok’:true}`.

=== Verify Workload Manager Connectivity

Verify the K8s Workload Manager connectivity status.

*Requirement*: The Transporter must be connected in order to check Workload Manager connectivity. 

. Execute *steps 1,2* of <<#verify-onprem-connect,Verify On-Prem Connectivity>> from the Prisma Cloud platform above.

. Verify that the Workload Manager has established a connection.
+
image::[]

=== Troubleshoot Workload Manager Connectivity

If the Workload Manager is not connected, perform the following checks.

. Verify that the Workload Manager pods are up and running. Run `kubectl get pods`.
+
NOTE: Search for *on-prem-workload-mgr-k8s-...* <Workload Manager Pod>.

. If the Workload Manager is not running, run `kubectl describe pod on-prem-workload-mgr-k8s-...` <Workload Manager Pod> to further understand the issue.













// Raw Content from Tomer Eskenazi 


////

Transporter:


on-prem integration ui - check healthcheck status


verify that transporter pods are up
kubectl get pods (search for transporter-...)
verify pods are on Running status


if not Running:
kubectl describe pod transporter-....


with ingress:
url and port defined by the customer


curl -X GET https://ingress.url.com:443/healthz -k


without ingress:
need to connect to transporter client pod on K8s, and send the request from there


kubectl get pods (find the transporter pod name)


connect to transporter pod:
kubectl exec -it -c transporter POD_NAME -- sh
kubectl exec -it -c transporter transporter-76c74b54cb-hnd5n -- sh


curl -X GET https://localhost:8080/healthz -k


success response - {"ok":true}




Workload Manager:


on-prem integration ui - check healthcheck status


verify that workload manager pods are up
kubectl get pods (search for on-prem-workload-mgr-k8s-...)
verify pods are on Running status


if not Running:
kubectl describe pod on-prem-workload-mgr-k8s-....
////

Commit message:

Added a note in health checks to verify connectivity with ingress

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/on-prem-deployment/on-prem-health-check.adoc, after:

== On Premises Health Check

The health check provides information about connectivity with your Prisma Cloud on-premises (on-prem) environment, including the most recent connection establishment time. Automatic health checks are run every hour.

[.task]

[#verify-onprem-connect]
=== Verify On-Prem Connectivity 

[.procedure]

. Access your on-prem integration: In *Application Security*, select *Settings* > *Advanced Deployments* > *On-Prem Connection*.
+
image::[]

. Under *Alias*, select your on-prem deployment.
+
The on-prem deployment connectivity status is displayed.
+
image::[]

=== Health Checks

You can perform the following on-prem connectivity health checks.

=== Refresh On-Prem connectivity

If you are disconnected you can perform a connectivity refresh.

. Access the on-prem deployment connectivity status - see <<#verify-onprem-connect,Verify On-Prem Connectivity>> above.

. Select the *Refresh* icon to perform a connectivity check. The result is displayed in the console UI.
+
image::[]

=== Verify On-Prem Connectivity with Ingress

This check verifies network level accessibility, including routes, firewall rules, and access lists. Ensure that the host used for configuration has access to the specified Ingress URL using the domain name and port defined by the customer for the ingress.

Run: `curl -X GET \https://transporter.ingress.url.com:443/healthz -k`.

NOTE: The URL you need to use in the verification command is the one configured on the Ingress to send traffic to the Prisma Cloud Transporter. "transporter.ingress.url.com" is only an example. Replace <transporter-hostname> in the above command with the actual URL configured in your Ingress for the Prisma Cloud Transporter.


=== Verify On-Prem Connectivity without Ingress

To verify on-prem connectivity without ingress, access the Transporter Client pod on Kubernetes (K8s), and send the request from there:

. Run `kubectl get pods` to find the Transporter Client pod name.

. Connect to the Transporter Client pod: `kubectl exec -it -c transporter POD_NAME -- sh`.
+ 
Example: `kubectl exec -it -c transporter transporter-76c74b54cb-hnd5n -- sh`.

. After connecting to the Transporter Client, run `curl -X GET https://localhost:8080/healthz -k`.
+
Success response: `{‘ok’:true}`.

=== Verify Workload Manager Connectivity

Verify the K8s Workload Manager connectivity status.

*Requirement*: The Transporter must be connected in order to check Workload Manager connectivity. 

. Execute *steps 1,2* of <<#verify-onprem-connect,Verify On-Prem Connectivity>> from the Prisma Cloud platform above.

. Verify that the Workload Manager has established a connection.
+
image::[]

=== Troubleshoot Workload Manager Connectivity

If the Workload Manager is not connected, perform the following checks.

. Verify that the Workload Manager pods are up and running. Run `kubectl get pods`.
+
NOTE: Search for *on-prem-workload-mgr-k8s-...* <Workload Manager Pod>.

. If the Workload Manager is not running, run `kubectl describe pod on-prem-workload-mgr-k8s-...` <Workload Manager Pod> to further understand the issue.













// Raw Content from Tomer Eskenazi 


////

Transporter:


on-prem integration ui - check healthcheck status


verify that transporter pods are up
kubectl get pods (search for transporter-...)
verify pods are on Running status


if not Running:
kubectl describe pod transporter-....


with ingress:
url and port defined by the customer


curl -X GET https://ingress.url.com:443/healthz -k


without ingress:
need to connect to transporter client pod on K8s, and send the request from there


kubectl get pods (find the transporter pod name)


connect to transporter pod:
kubectl exec -it -c transporter POD_NAME -- sh
kubectl exec -it -c transporter transporter-76c74b54cb-hnd5n -- sh


curl -X GET https://localhost:8080/healthz -k


success response - {"ok":true}




Workload Manager:


on-prem integration ui - check healthcheck status


verify that workload manager pods are up
kubectl get pods (search for on-prem-workload-mgr-k8s-...)
verify pods are on Running status


if not Running:
kubectl describe pod on-prem-workload-mgr-k8s-....
////
