docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/on-prem-deployment/on-prem-requirements.adoc, before:

== On-Premises Scanning Deployment Requirements

These requirements must be fulfilled in order to install the Prisma Cloud scanner on your on-premises environment. These requirements are provided as a recommended base point, which you should customize according to the specific needs and conditions of your environment.

[cols="1,1,2", options="header"]

|===

2+|What you need| |Description

.2+|Subscribe to and enable Prisma Cloud modules
|Subscribe to Application Security on Prisma Cloud
|Refer to xref:docs../get-started/enable-application-security.adoc[Enable Application Security]

|
|Enable Application Security modules
|Subscribe to the modules that you require. *Supported modules include*:. For more information refer to xref:../get-started/application-security-license-types.adoc [Application Security License Types]

|xref:../../administration/create-access-keys.adoc[Generate and copy the Prisma Cloud access key]
|
|The access key, which includes a Key ID and secret, enables access to Prisma Cloud +
*Permissions*: *Administrator* permissions are required to create the access key

|Software requirements
.+5|Kubernetes cluster
a|* Version 1.23 and above
* The user must have full access to the namespace they select for the deployment

|
|kubectl
a|. Install https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/[kubectl] on your machine
. Connect it to the Kubernetes cluster

|
|OpenSSL
|Install https://www.openssl.org/source/[SSL] on your machine 

|
|Helm
|Install https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/[Helm] version 3.0 and above on your machine

|
|Operating System
|
*Mac OS* or *Linux* +
NOTE: The above requirement pertains specifically to the machine responsible for the initial setup (the 'init' creation machine) and not to the Kubernetes cluster itself

|Hardware requirements for the Kubernetes cluster 
|See <<#hardware-requirements,Kubernetes Cluster Hardware Specifications Based on Load Requirements>> below 
 
|Network access
|
a|Ensure network access from the Prisma Cloud deployment, which is running on your Kubernetes cluster, to the following destinations:
* Prisma Cloud 
** UI/API: xref:../../../../get-started/console-prerequisites.adoc[Whitelist the Prisma Cloud API] (Prisma server) in order to perform authentication and to send webhook events 
** xref:manage-network-tunnel/manage-network-tunnel.adoc[Transporter Server]
*Your VCS system
* AWS ECR (Elastic Container Registry): To Access Prisma Cloud's AWS Elastic Container Registry (ECR), you must allow outgoing traffic. The IP range required for access is managed by AWS. For enhanced security, you can establish a more secure connection using AWS PrivateLink or alternative solutions

|===

[#hardware-requirements]
=== Kubernetes Cluster Hardware Specifications Based on Load Requirements

[cols="1,1,2,2,2", options="header"]

|===

|Repositories|CPU Core|Memory|Persistent Storage|Ephemeral Storage

|1000
|227
|250 Gi (~270 GB)
|607 Gi (~652 GB)
|203 Gi ( ~218 GB)

|5000
|382
|416 Gi (~447 GB)
|2.035 Ti (~2.238 TB)
|338 Gi ( ~363 GB)

|20000
|965
|1.042 Ti (~1.146 TB)
|7.39 Ti (~8.126 TB)
|844 Gi ( ~907 GB)

|===

Commit message:

Added admin permissions for initial installation for Mac users, updated hardware system requirrments

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/on-prem-deployment/on-prem-requirements.adoc, after:

== On-Premises Scanning Deployment Requirements

These requirements must be fulfilled in order to install the Prisma Cloud scanner on your on-premises environment. These requirements are provided as a recommended base point, which you should customize according to the specific needs and conditions of your environment.

[cols="1,1,2", options="header"]

|===

2+|What you need| |Description

.2+|Subscribe to and enable Prisma Cloud modules
|Subscribe to Application Security on Prisma Cloud
|Refer to xref:docs../get-started/enable-application-security.adoc[Enable Application Security]

|
|Enable Application Security modules
|Subscribe to the modules that you require. *Supported modules include*:. For more information refer to xref:../get-started/application-security-license-types.adoc [Application Security License Types]

|xref:../../administration/create-access-keys.adoc[Generate and copy the Prisma Cloud access key]
|
|The access key, which includes a Key ID and secret, enables access to Prisma Cloud +
*Permissions*: *Administrator* permissions are required to create the access key

|Administrator permissions for initial installation on Mac OS
|
|Administrator permissions are required for the initial installation on Mac OS


|Software requirements
.+5|Kubernetes cluster
a|* Version 1.23 and above
* The user must have full access to the namespace they select for the deployment

|
|kubectl
a|. Install https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/[kubectl] on your machine
. Connect it to the Kubernetes cluster

|
|OpenSSL
|Install https://www.openssl.org/source/[SSL] on your machine 

|
|Helm
|Install https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/[Helm] version 3.0 and above on your machine

|
|Operating System
|
*Mac OS* or *Linux* +
NOTE: The above requirement pertains specifically to the machine responsible for the initial setup (the 'init' creation machine) and not to the Kubernetes cluster itself

|Hardware requirements for the Kubernetes cluster 
|See <<#hardware-requirements,Kubernetes Cluster Hardware Specifications Based on Load Requirements>> below 
 
|Network access
|
a|Ensure network access from the Prisma Cloud deployment, which is running on your Kubernetes cluster, to the following destinations:
* Prisma Cloud 
** UI/API: xref:../../../../get-started/console-prerequisites.adoc[Whitelist the Prisma Cloud API] (Prisma server) in order to perform authentication and to send webhook events 
** xref:manage-network-tunnel/manage-network-tunnel.adoc[Transporter Server]
*Your VCS system
* AWS ECR (Elastic Container Registry): To Access Prisma Cloud's AWS Elastic Container Registry (ECR), you must allow outgoing traffic. The IP range required for access is managed by AWS. For enhanced security, you can establish a more secure connection using AWS PrivateLink or alternative solutions

|===

[#hardware-requirements]
=== Kubernetes Cluster Hardware Specifications Based on Load Requirements

[cols="1,1,2,2,2", options="header"]

|===

|Repositories|CPU Core|Memory|Persistent Storage|Ephemeral Storage

|1000
|271
|671 GB
|652 GB
|911 GB

|5000
|472
|1.298 TB
|2.186 TB
|1.69 TB

|20000
|1227
|3.65 TB
|7.935 TB
|4.61 TB

|===
