docs/en/enterprise-edition/rn/limited-ga-features-prisma-cloud/limited-ga-features-prisma-cloud.adoc, before:

== Limited GA Features on Prisma Cloud

Review the Prisma Cloud features that have Limited General Availability (LGA) on some stacks for select customers.

The LGA features are not available on all stacks and are subject to change by the GA release. If you want a specific feature enabled, contact Prisma Cloud Customer Support.


[cols="50%a,50%a"]
|===
|FEATURE
|DESCRIPTION

|*Managed Security Service Provider*
//RLP-145507

|Prisma Cloud introduces a rich set of features that enable you to deliver security at scale. The Managed Security Service Provider (MSSP) offering allows you to administer large customer groups efficiently by enabling you to:

* Manage and operate a large number of tenants from a single console
* Dynamically create and delete tenants on demand
* Efficiently segment and manage customers into industry defined groups such as Healthcare, Finance etc. 
* Segment tenants by reallocating credits as needed, between tenants under management
* Isolate customer data in adherence with established security best practices
* Get centralized visibility into security telemetry such as incidents, attack paths and misconfigurations

Learn more about how https://docs.prismacloud.io/en/enterprise-edition/assets/pdf/mssp-lga.pdf[MSSP] can help you effectively meet the security requirements of large customer groups.

//*AXA* placeholder
//RLP-143394
//Description

|*Cloud Account Group Details Included in CSV Download File*
//RLP-141935, RLP-134460

|The existing CSV download for Alerts now supports the ability to display Cloud Account Group details in the CSV. These details will be added at the end of the CSV as a new field.


// |[*Update*] *Audit Logs*
//RLP-133400, RLP-133030
//
// |You can now forward audit logs from Prisma Cloud to your *Splunk* integration. All new audit logs that are generated after you enable the integration will be sent to Splunk. You can view the audit logs on *Settings > Audit Logs* on Prisma Cloud.

//In addition, Prisma Cloud now forwards *Successful Login* type audit log messages to your configured external integrations. For example, Prisma Cloud will forward the following audit log message:

//----
//'xxx@paloaltonetworks.com'(with role 'System Admin':'System Admin') logged in via password
//----

|*Prisma Cloud DSPM*
//RLP-129484

|Prisma Cloud Data Security Posture Management (DSPM), previously known as Dig Security platform, helps you discover, classify, protect, and govern your data across multi-cloud environments. With Prisma Cloud https://docs.prismacloud.io/en/enterprise-edition/assets/pdf/dspm-lga.pdf[DSPM], you can reduce data misuse, achieve compliance, and prevent ransomware attacks and data breaches. It provides:

* Automated discovery and classification of data assets that allows you to locate where sensitive data resides and ensure continuous compliance with latest security and privacy regulation.

* Data Security Posture Management that allows your security teams to prioritize remediation efforts and efficiently reduce data exposure.

* Data Detection and Response (DDR) that detects data exfiltration attempts, compliance breaches, and data misuse. 

|*Continuous Permission Management*
//RLP-129731

|Prisma Cloud provides a https://docs.prismacloud.io/en/enterprise-edition/assets/pdf/continuous-permission-management-lga.pdf[Continuous Permission Management] enhancement script to streamline your experience with your onboarded cloud accounts. You can now easily manage the required API ingestion permissions for your AWS, Azure, GCP, or OCI cloud accounts on a continuous basis, ensuring smooth operation and eliminating potential misconfiguration issues against new API ingestions.


|*_AWSCloudAccount.orgHierarchyNames() RQL Function for AWS Assets*
//RLP-127530, RLP-110106

|A new `_AWSCloudAccount.orgHierarchyNames()` RQL function is available to enumerate the organization memberships for a given asset. You can use this function to refer to the list of complete Organization Units (OUs) in your account ownership hierarchy in order to compare whether any of the OUs or parent OUs match with the targeted list values. Here are a few examples:

* `config from cloud.resource where api.name = ‘aws-ec2-describe-security-groups’ AND json.rule = _AWSCloudAccount.orgHierarchyNames() intersects (“OU4”)`

* `config from cloud.resource where api.name = ‘aws-ec2-describe-vpcs’ and json.rule = ‘_AWSCloudAccount.orgHierarchyNames() intersects (ou-u00k-th4guvk9, r-u00k)’`

* `config from cloud.resource where api.name = ‘aws-ec2-describe-vpcs’ AND json.rule = _AWSCloudAccount.orgHierarchyNames() intersects (“OU4") as X; config from cloud.resource where api.name = ‘aws-ec2-describe-subnets’ AND json.rule = _AWSCloudAccount.orgHierarchyNames() intersects (“OU4”) as Y; filter ‘$.X.vpcId equals $.Y.vpcId’; show Y;`

* `config from cloud.resource where api.name = ‘aws-ec2-describe-security-groups’ AND json.rule = _AWSCloudAccount.orgHierarchyNames() does not intersect (“OU1") and _AWSCloudAccount.orgHierarchyNames() exists`

|*AppDNA for Application Context*
//RLP-104999

|AppDNA helps you center your security strategy around your applications, the most vital construct in your cloud estate. https://docs.prismacloud.io/en/enterprise-edition/assets/pdf/app-dna-lga.pdf[AppDNA] intelligently groups assets in a manner that exposes their relationships, in the context of application development. AppDNA helps you:

* Discover applications based on Kubernetes Namespace and assign a Display Name, Owner, Environment, and Business Criticality.

* Leverage the application context to Investigate the alert which adds an additional factor for risk prioritization based on the business criticality of an application.

* Prioritize risks based on criticality and impact on applications, and associated assets.


|*Support for Onboarding IBM Cloud*

//RLP-101176
//https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/content/dam/techdocs/en_US/pdf/prisma/prisma-cloud/prerelease/ibm-onboarding-lga.pdf

|Prisma Cloud allows you to https://docs.prismacloud.io/en/enterprise-edition/assets/pdf/ibm-onboarding-lga.pdf[onboard and protect] your resources deployed on the IBM cloud infrastructure from a single console. Gain complete visibility and control over potential risks within your IBM cloud infrastructure across all the Multi-Zone Regions (MZR).

You can now manage vulnerabilities, ensure compliance, and provide runtime defense for your resources in the IBM cloud.


|*Asset Tag Filter in Asset Inventory*

//RLP-70205 - Possible GA in Q4

//https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/content/dam/techdocs/en_US/pdf/prisma/prisma-cloud/prerelease/asset-inventory-resource-tag-filter-lga.pdf

|A new https://docs.prismacloud.io/en/enterprise-edition/assets/pdf/asset-inventory-resource-tag-filter-lga.pdf[Asset Tag] filter is now available in the Prisma Cloud Asset Inventory, which allows you to focus on assets based on the resource tags present. Once you filter based on the Asset Tag, the Asset Inventory will display only the assets that contain the Asset Tags you specified.


|*Resolved Alert Notification to External Integrations*

//RLP-71649, RLP-83106

|The alert notification system is enhanced to send resolved notifications to external integrations such as ServiceNow or Jira (integrations that support the state change) when you delete a cloud account or update an alert rule on the Prisma Cloud administrative console. For example, when the cloud account or the alert rule associated with an open alert is deleted, the alert status is updated as resolved on Prisma Cloud and the corresponding resolved notification will be sent to the supported integration channels where the open alert notification was sent.

|tt:[Update] *Resource Type Column Included in Download all filtered assets .csv*

//RLP-132702, RLP-131241, PCSUP-23876
//Moving this from 3.2 New Features commented out to LGA as fix for PCUP-23876 as this feature is still in LGA.

|In *Asset Explorer*, if you select *Download all filtered assets*, the resulting .csv file now includes a *Resource Type* column that lists the asset type. Previously, the  column was displayed only on selecting *Download the current table*.

|tt:[Update] *Enable Notifications for Alerts State Change*

//PCSUP-23876, RLPARCH-10419
//Blurb approved by Nishant Agarwal via Slack

|Stay updated on the status of alerts you are tracking by configuring external notifications for when the status of an alert changes. For example, if an alert status transitions from one state to another, such as from *Open* to *Dismissed* or *Resolved*, you can enable alert notifications when *Alert notifications for all states* is enabled. If you do not see the option to enable notifications for the different states when you https://docs.prismacloud.io/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/alerts/create-an-alert-rule-cloud-infrastructure#idd1af59f7-792f-42bf-9d63-12d29ca7a950[Create an Alert Rule for Cloud Infrastructure], contact Prisma Cloud Customer Support to enable it on your Prisma Cloud tenant.

|===

Commit message:

7-3-RN (#762)
* 7-3-RN

* policy updates

* LA ingestions + Blurbs

* new features

* clean up

* //RLP-146497

* clean-up

* clean-up

* xref fix

* LA

* BCEs + API feedback

* RLP-146556

* feedback 7/24

* feedback

* JB/AB policies and IAM updates

* RLP-146951

* RLP-146585

* AN review feedback

* CNA updates

* cleanup

* AR feedback

* clean up

* adding runtime blurbs

* clean up

docs/en/enterprise-edition/rn/limited-ga-features-prisma-cloud/limited-ga-features-prisma-cloud.adoc, after:

== Limited GA Features on Prisma Cloud

Review the Prisma Cloud features that have Limited General Availability (LGA) on some stacks for select customers.

The LGA features are not available on all stacks and are subject to change by the GA release. If you want a specific feature enabled, contact Prisma Cloud Customer Support.


[cols="50%a,50%a"]
|===
|FEATURE
|DESCRIPTION


|*AI Assisted Queries*
//RLP-146585

|Enhancements to Prisma Cloud's query launcher allow you to use AI assisted queries to retrieve saved searches from your current tenant. Going beyond keyword matching, AI powered semantic searches provide ease of use when launching investigations in Prisma Cloud. For instance, typing “public facing” as a query, returns results with “reachable from untrusted internet sources” as well, because the saved search matches the meaning of the query "public facing". AI assisted search can be toggled on and off as needed. Use the feedback buttons as shown in the image below to provide your feedback on this feature. 

image::ai-assisted-search.gif[]


|*Managed Security Service Provider*
//RLP-145507

|Prisma Cloud introduces a rich set of features that enable you to deliver security at scale. The Managed Security Service Provider (MSSP) offering allows you to administer large customer groups efficiently by enabling you to:

* Manage and operate a large number of tenants from a single console
* Dynamically create and delete tenants on demand
* Efficiently segment and manage customers into industry defined groups such as Healthcare, Finance etc. 
* Segment tenants by reallocating credits as needed, between tenants under management
* Isolate customer data in adherence with established security best practices
* Get centralized visibility into security telemetry such as incidents, attack paths and misconfigurations

Learn more about how https://docs.prismacloud.io/en/enterprise-edition/assets/pdf/mssp-lga.pdf[MSSP] can help you effectively meet the security requirements of large customer groups.

//*AXA* placeholder
//RLP-143394
//Description

|*Cloud Account Group Details Included in CSV Download File*
//RLP-141935, RLP-134460

|The existing CSV download for Alerts now supports the ability to display Cloud Account Group details in the CSV. These details will be added at the end of the CSV as a new field.


// |[*Update*] *Audit Logs*
//RLP-133400, RLP-133030
//
// |You can now forward audit logs from Prisma Cloud to your *Splunk* integration. All new audit logs that are generated after you enable the integration will be sent to Splunk. You can view the audit logs on *Settings > Audit Logs* on Prisma Cloud.

//In addition, Prisma Cloud now forwards *Successful Login* type audit log messages to your configured external integrations. For example, Prisma Cloud will forward the following audit log message:

//----
//'xxx@paloaltonetworks.com'(with role 'System Admin':'System Admin') logged in via password
//----

|*Prisma Cloud DSPM*
//RLP-129484

|Prisma Cloud Data Security Posture Management (DSPM), previously known as Dig Security platform, helps you discover, classify, protect, and govern your data across multi-cloud environments. With Prisma Cloud https://docs.prismacloud.io/en/enterprise-edition/assets/pdf/dspm-lga.pdf[DSPM], you can reduce data misuse, achieve compliance, and prevent ransomware attacks and data breaches. It provides:

* Automated discovery and classification of data assets that allows you to locate where sensitive data resides and ensure continuous compliance with latest security and privacy regulation.

* Data Security Posture Management that allows your security teams to prioritize remediation efforts and efficiently reduce data exposure.

* Data Detection and Response (DDR) that detects data exfiltration attempts, compliance breaches, and data misuse. 

|*Continuous Permission Management*
//RLP-129731

|Prisma Cloud provides a https://docs.prismacloud.io/en/enterprise-edition/assets/pdf/continuous-permission-management-lga.pdf[Continuous Permission Management] enhancement script to streamline your experience with your onboarded cloud accounts. You can now easily manage the required API ingestion permissions for your AWS, Azure, GCP, or OCI cloud accounts on a continuous basis, ensuring smooth operation and eliminating potential misconfiguration issues against new API ingestions.


|*_AWSCloudAccount.orgHierarchyNames() RQL Function for AWS Assets*
//RLP-127530, RLP-110106

|A new `_AWSCloudAccount.orgHierarchyNames()` RQL function is available to enumerate the organization memberships for a given asset. You can use this function to refer to the list of complete Organization Units (OUs) in your account ownership hierarchy in order to compare whether any of the OUs or parent OUs match with the targeted list values. Here are a few examples:

* `config from cloud.resource where api.name = ‘aws-ec2-describe-security-groups’ AND json.rule = _AWSCloudAccount.orgHierarchyNames() intersects (“OU4”)`

* `config from cloud.resource where api.name = ‘aws-ec2-describe-vpcs’ and json.rule = ‘_AWSCloudAccount.orgHierarchyNames() intersects (ou-u00k-th4guvk9, r-u00k)’`

* `config from cloud.resource where api.name = ‘aws-ec2-describe-vpcs’ AND json.rule = _AWSCloudAccount.orgHierarchyNames() intersects (“OU4") as X; config from cloud.resource where api.name = ‘aws-ec2-describe-subnets’ AND json.rule = _AWSCloudAccount.orgHierarchyNames() intersects (“OU4”) as Y; filter ‘$.X.vpcId equals $.Y.vpcId’; show Y;`

* `config from cloud.resource where api.name = ‘aws-ec2-describe-security-groups’ AND json.rule = _AWSCloudAccount.orgHierarchyNames() does not intersect (“OU1") and _AWSCloudAccount.orgHierarchyNames() exists`

|*AppDNA for Application Context*
//RLP-104999

|AppDNA helps you center your security strategy around your applications, the most vital construct in your cloud estate. https://docs.prismacloud.io/en/enterprise-edition/assets/pdf/app-dna-lga.pdf[AppDNA] intelligently groups assets in a manner that exposes their relationships, in the context of application development. AppDNA helps you:

* Discover applications based on Kubernetes Namespace and assign a Display Name, Owner, Environment, and Business Criticality.

* Leverage the application context to Investigate the alert which adds an additional factor for risk prioritization based on the business criticality of an application.

* Prioritize risks based on criticality and impact on applications, and associated assets.


|*Support for Onboarding IBM Cloud*

//RLP-101176
//https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/content/dam/techdocs/en_US/pdf/prisma/prisma-cloud/prerelease/ibm-onboarding-lga.pdf

|Prisma Cloud allows you to https://docs.prismacloud.io/en/enterprise-edition/assets/pdf/ibm-onboarding-lga.pdf[onboard and protect] your resources deployed on the IBM cloud infrastructure from a single console. Gain complete visibility and control over potential risks within your IBM cloud infrastructure across all the Multi-Zone Regions (MZR).

You can now manage vulnerabilities, ensure compliance, and provide runtime defense for your resources in the IBM cloud.


|*Asset Tag Filter in Asset Inventory*

//RLP-70205 - Possible GA in Q4

//https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/content/dam/techdocs/en_US/pdf/prisma/prisma-cloud/prerelease/asset-inventory-resource-tag-filter-lga.pdf

|A new https://docs.prismacloud.io/en/enterprise-edition/assets/pdf/asset-inventory-resource-tag-filter-lga.pdf[Asset Tag] filter is now available in the Prisma Cloud Asset Inventory, which allows you to focus on assets based on the resource tags present. Once you filter based on the Asset Tag, the Asset Inventory will display only the assets that contain the Asset Tags you specified.


|*Resolved Alert Notification to External Integrations*

//RLP-71649, RLP-83106

|The alert notification system is enhanced to send resolved notifications to external integrations such as ServiceNow or Jira (integrations that support the state change) when you delete a cloud account or update an alert rule on the Prisma Cloud administrative console. For example, when the cloud account or the alert rule associated with an open alert is deleted, the alert status is updated as resolved on Prisma Cloud and the corresponding resolved notification will be sent to the supported integration channels where the open alert notification was sent.

|tt:[Update] *Resource Type Column Included in Download all filtered assets .csv*

//RLP-132702, RLP-131241, PCSUP-23876
//Moving this from 3.2 New Features commented out to LGA as fix for PCUP-23876 as this feature is still in LGA.

|In *Asset Explorer*, if you select *Download all filtered assets*, the resulting .csv file now includes a *Resource Type* column that lists the asset type. Previously, the  column was displayed only on selecting *Download the current table*.

|tt:[Update] *Enable Notifications for Alerts State Change*

//PCSUP-23876, RLPARCH-10419
//Blurb approved by Nishant Agarwal via Slack

|Stay updated on the status of alerts you are tracking by configuring external notifications for when the status of an alert changes. For example, if an alert status transitions from one state to another, such as from *Open* to *Dismissed* or *Resolved*, you can enable alert notifications when *Alert notifications for all states* is enabled. If you do not see the option to enable notifications for the different states when you https://docs.prismacloud.io/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/alerts/create-an-alert-rule-cloud-infrastructure#idd1af59f7-792f-42bf-9d63-12d29ca7a950[Create an Alert Rule for Cloud Infrastructure], contact Prisma Cloud Customer Support to enable it on your Prisma Cloud tenant.

|===
