docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/administration/network-security/investigate-network-exposure-on-prisma-cloud.adoc, before:

== Investigate Network Exposure on Prisma Cloud

//An example work flow that demonstrates how to use the network query to investigate network exposure in your cloud environment.

Prisma Cloud ingests the relevant network security components when you onboard your cloud account and enables you to investigate the assets in your cloud environment for net effective reachability. You do not need any new IAM permissions because they are ingested when you onboard your cloud account.

To build network exposure queries, navigate to the *Investigate* page and run a xref:../../search-and-investigate/network-queries/network-config-query-examples.adoc[query] using `config from network where`. Here are a few examples:

* To get a list of AWS instances that are reachable from any untrust Internet IP:
+
[screen]
----
config from network where source.network = UNTRUST_INTERNET and dest.resource.type = 'Instance' and dest.cloud.type = 'AWS' and protocol.ports in ('tcp/0:79','tcp/81:442','tcp/444:65535') and effective.action = 'Allow'
----

* To get a list of Azure VMs that are reachable from the Internet:
+
[screen]
----
config from network where source.network = '0.0.0.0/0' and address.match.criteria = 'full_match' and dest.resource.type = 'Instance' and dest.cloud.type = 'Azure' and dest.resource.state = 'Active'
----

* To get a list of GCP instances that are reachable from the Internet:
+
[screen]
----
config from network where source.network = '0.0.0.0/0' and address.match.criteria = 'full_match' and dest.resource.type = 'Instance' and dest.cloud.type = 'GCP' and dest.resource.state = 'Active'
----

Learn how to xref:../../governance/create-a-network-policy.adoc[create a network exposure policy].

//The results table displays the metadata related to each of the assets. Click the *i* icon (*Network Path*) under *Actions* to view the detailed *Network Path Analysis*, which shows the path that the network traffic would take if traffic were to be initiated from Source A to Destination B. Every hop with a green bubble means that the traffic can move forward (*Allow* traffic) from one point to the next. A hop with a red bubble means that the traffic cannot move forward (*Deny* traffic). An *i* icon (*View Details*) is displayed wherever there is a routing or security policy associated with the hop. Click the *i* icon to get more information about the routing-table configuration or the security policy that is either allowing or denying the traffic.

Commit message:

CNA updates (#695)
* CNA updates

* fixed image syntax

* wip

* CNS-9974

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/administration/network-security/investigate-network-exposure-on-prisma-cloud.adoc, after:

== Investigate Network Exposure on Prisma Cloud

//An example workflow that demonstrates how to use the network query to investigate network exposure in your cloud environment.

Prisma Cloud ingests the relevant network security components when you onboard your cloud account and enables you to investigate the assets in your cloud environment for net effective reachability. You do not need any new IAM permissions because they are ingested when you onboard your cloud account.

To build network exposure queries, navigate to the *Investigate* page and run a xref:../../search-and-investigate/network-queries/network-config-query-examples.adoc[query] using `config from network where`. For example, to get a list of AWS instances that are reachable from any untrust Internet IP, enter the following query:

[screen]
----
`config from network where source.network = UNTRUST_INTERNET and dest.resource.type = 'Instance' and dest.cloud.type = 'AWS' and protocol.ports in ('tcp/0:79','tcp/81:442','tcp/444:65535') and effective.action = 'Allow'`
----

image::administration/cna-1.png[]

The results table displays the metadata related to each of the assets. Click the *i* icon (*Network Path*) under the *Actions* column to view the detailed *Network Path Analysis*, which shows the path that the network traffic would take if traffic were to be initiated from Source A to Destination B. Every hop with a green bubble indicates that the traffic can move forward (*Allow* traffic) from one point to the next. A hop with a red bubble indicates that the traffic cannot move forward (*Deny* traffic).

image::administration/cna-2.png[]

A *View Details* icon is displayed wherever there is a routing or security policy associated with the hop. Click the icon to get more information about the routing-table configuration or the security policy that is either allowing or denying the traffic.

image::administration/cna-3.png[]

Here are examples for Azure and GCP:

* To get a list of Azure VMs that are reachable from the Internet:
+
[screen]
----
config from network where source.network = '0.0.0.0/0' and address.match.criteria = 'full_match' and dest.resource.type = 'Instance' and dest.cloud.type = 'Azure' and dest.resource.state = 'Active'
----
+
image::administration/cna-5.png[]

* To get a list of GCP instances that are reachable from the Internet:
+
[screen]
----
config from network where source.network = '0.0.0.0/0' and address.match.criteria = 'full_match' and dest.resource.type = 'Instance' and dest.cloud.type = 'GCP' and dest.resource.state = 'Active'
----
+
image::administration/cna-4.png[]


Learn how to xref:../../governance/create-a-network-policy.adoc[create a network exposure policy].
