docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/manage-network-tunnel/deploy-transporter-docker.adoc, before:

:topic_type: task

[.task]
== Set Up Transporter Network Tunnels using Docker Containers

Deploy the Transporter network tunnel using Docker containers.

[.procedure]

. Before you begin.
.. Fulfill the xref:manage-network-tunnel.adoc#requirements[Requirements] listed in *Manage Transporter (Network Tunnel)*. 
.. https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/[Install Docker]. The Transporter Client requires Docker to be installed in your environment with network access to your self-hosted provider (such as your VCS). 
.. *Proxy*: If you are using a proxy, refer to <<docker-proxy-integration-,Docker Proxy Integration>> below for details on proxy connectivity.
.. *Self-signed certificates*: As mentioned in xref:manage-network-tunnel.adoc#requirements[Requirements for setting up the Transporter], you must provide the Transporter with a TLS certificate to ensure a secure webhook connection between your version control system and the Transporter. If you are using a self-signed certificate, add a TLS CA certificate environment variables and configure the HTTPS_CA variable. Refer to <<self-signed-certificates-,Self-Signed Certificates>> below for more information. 

. On the *Application Security* console, select *Home* > *Settings* > *Network Tunnels*.
+
image::application-security/transporter-network-tunnel-button.png[]
+
The *Manage Integrations* step of the installation wizard is displayed.
////
+
image::application-security/transporter-mng-int2.1.png[]

. Select *New Transporter*.
+
The *Manage Integrations* modal is expanded to include additional fields.
+
////
image::application-security/transporter-mng-int-exp.png[]

. Fill in the provided fields.
+
* *Transporter Name*: A unique alias. Helps to group and define multiple connections on the Prisma Cloud console. The Transporter name cannot contain spaces
* *Transporter URL*: The URL that your firewall or proxies route to the Transporter at the port configured in the Port section
* *Port*: The Transporter URL is a proxy URL with a port number you must define. This information will also be used in the Docker files that are configured in Transporter to communicate with Prisma Cloud
* *Prisma Cloud Access Key ID*: The Access Key ID generated in step 1 above
* *Prisma Cloud Secret Key*: The Secret key generated in step 1 above
* *TLS Certificate path*: The path to the TLS certificate in order to use Transporter. Webhooks use the certificate path to integrate with Transporter. Ensure that the path is for the specified Transporter client URL and port
* *TLS Certificate key path*: The path to the TLS certificate key. Allows WebSockets to encrypt traffic (communicate over HTTP). 
* *Provider Self Signed CA certificate path (Optional)*: The path for the self-signed CA certificate of your VCS provider when using self-signed certificates. 
* *VPN/Proxy CA certificate path (Optional)*: The path for the self-signed CA certificate of your VPN/proxy provider when using self-signed certificates, if it differs from the self-signed certificate used by the provider
* *Proxy URL (Optional)*: The proxy URL, when using a proxy

. Select *Next*. 
+
The *Deploy Client* step of the wizard is displayed.
+
image::application-security/transporter-deploy-client2.0.png[]

. Copy the command from the *Verify and add permissions for set TLS Certificate path* field, and run it in your CLI terminal.
+
NOTE: This command sets the permissions for the TLS certificate and defines the local path to the certificate.
.. Pull the Docker image: Copy the command from the *Docker pull CLI* field and run it in your CLI terminal.
. Select *Using Docker commands* or *Docker compose* from the *Run Image* field to run the image and establish communication between Prisma Cloud and your self-hosted VCS. 
+
image::application-security/transporter-deploy-client-runimageoptions2.0.png[]

.. Option #1: *Run Image through Docker Commands* 
+
Use *Docker commands* to create a Docker image that contains the code and configuration for establishing communication between Prisma Cloud and your self-hosted VCS. Then run this image using Docker commands.
+
* Copy and paste the command from the *Logs volume* command in your terminal to save the Docker logs as a dedicated volume.

* Copy and paste the command from the *Docker Run CLI command* in your terminal to run the pulled Docker image.

* *Enable debug level logs*: Add  the `-e LOG_LEVEL=debug \` environment variable to the list of variables in the *Docker Run CLI Command* field. 
+
image::application-security/transporter-log-debug1.1.png[]

.. Option #2: *Run Image through Docker Compose* 
+
Use *Docker compose* to define a Docker application that contains the code and configuration for establishing communication between Prisma Cloud and your self-hosted VCS. Then run this application using Docker compose.

* Copy and paste the content from the *Docker Compose Content* field into your file to create and save docker-compose file content that you can use later.

* Copy and paste the command from the *Docker-Compose CLI Command* field in your CLI terminal to run the 'docker-compose' command.

* *Enable debug level logs*: Add  the `- LOG_LEVEL=debug` environment variable to the list of  variables in the *Docker Compose Content* field .
+
NOTE: The `-d` value in the command specifies the name of the Docker Compose yml file.

. Select *Next* > *Done* to complete the integration.
+
NOTE: Only after the Transporter has run successfully can Prisma Cloud authenticate and establish a communication channel with your provider (such as VCS). Once the connection is established, Transporter will use WebSockets to communicate with each other.

. *Next Step*: Select the Transporter that will act as the secure communication channel between the hosted Docker Client and Prisma Cloud. 
+
Refer to xref:select-transporter-domain-consistency.adoc[Select Transporter and ensure Domain name consistency during Integration] for more information.

=== Verify Deployment and Connectivity

You can verify that the transporter has been successfully deployed and is connected to your providers through both the Prisma Cloud console and your CLI. 

* *On Prisma Cloud console*: In *Application Security* select *Home* > *Settings > Manage Network Tunnels > Manage Integrations*. Select that your Transporter in the *Transporter* field, and verify connectivity by checking for a displayed message
+
image::application-security/transporter-verify-connectivity-ui1.1.png[]

* *Using your CLI*: Run `docker logs [CONTAINER ID]`
+
image::application-security/transporter-docker-connectivity-log2.2.png[]

=== Add Additional Transporters

You can add a new Transporter to a VCS integration in *Application Security* through *Home* > *Settings* > *Manage Network Tunnels* > *Manage Integrations* > *New Transporter*, and repeating the deployment steps above.

=== Manage Transporter

You can manage the existing Transporter configuration in *Application Security* through *Home* > *Settings* > *Manage Network Tunnels* > *Manage Integrations*.

* *Edit* Transporter: Select a Transporter from the menu in the Transporter field > Edit required the values in the same manner as the integration process above

* *Delete* Transporter: Select a Transporter from the menu in the Transporter field > Click *Delete Transporter*.
+
NOTE: To delete the Transporter, you need to first remove the existing VCS integrations associated with it.

=== Health Check

The health check provides about the VCS integrations and the most recent connection establishment time. The Transporter runs health checks every hour, and you manually refresh the connection at any time through Prisma Cloud.

For more on health checks see xref:transporter-health-check.adoc[Transporter Health Check]. 

[#self-signed-certificates]
=== Self Signed Certificates
Ensure the security of your Transporter Client when using self-signed certificates, by adding TLS CA Certificate environment variables, and configuring the HTTPS_CA variable.

==== Adding TLS CA Certificate Environment Variables

To enhance security and enable TLS configuration for your Transporter Client, consider including Certificate Authority (CA) certificates. 

==== Configure TLS with HTTPS_CA Variable 

When using a self-signed certificate for your Transporter Client, which is a common practice for internal or non-public systems, add the CA certificate that signed your self-signed certificate to the HTTPS_CA environment variable. This step ensures that your VCS system can verify the domain's identity and establish a secure connection using HTTPS, even with self-signed certificates. It is a way to establish trust for your self-signed certificate within your environment.

*HTTPS_SOCKET_CA*

[source,Dockerfile]
----
-e HTTPS_CA=/usr/bridgecrew/app/tls/ca.crt
-v /Users/username/config/certificates/ca.pem:/usr/bridgecrew/app/tls/ca.crt
----

==== Configure Environment Variable for TLS Proxy (HTTPS_SOCKET_CA)

When working with a TLS termination proxy in a proxy or VPN, configure the 'HTTPS_SOCKET_CA' environment variable with the appropriate CA certificate. This ensures secure TLS communication with properly authenticated endpoints during the TLS handshake process.

NOTE: This variable is required when the CA certificate used by the proxy differs from the CA certificate used by the Transporter Client (refer to the section above).

*HTTPS_SOCKET_CA (TLS Termination Proxy CA)*

[source,Dockerfile]
----
HTTPS_SOCKET_CA (TLS Termination Proxy CA) 
-e HTTPS_SOCKET_CA=/usr/bridgecrew/app/tls/ca.crt
-v /Users/username/config/certificates/ca.pem:/usr/bridgecrew/app/tls/ca.crt
----

[#docker-proxy-integration-]
=== Docker Proxy Connectivity

Using a proxy enhances security and network efficiency by enabling the establishment of a secure and isolated communication channel between the Prisma Cloud service and your self-hosted version control system, such as GitLab Self Managed or GitHub Server.

The following diagram displays system architecture for proxy connectivity in a Docker Container environment.

image::application-security/transporter-connectivity-docker-proxy-2.0.png[]

NOTES:

* In the first diagram the connection between the VCS and Transporter Client  does not pass through the firewall, while in the second diagram, the connectivity between the VCS and Transporter Client passes through a firewall
* The Connectivity legend for the proxy matches with the legend  Transporter connectivity above, except that traffic passes through the firewall from the Transporter Client to the Proxy, and then to the Prisma Cloud Tenant  

==== Configure Proxy Server and Certificate Authority (CA)

Organizations using a proxy server to enhance network security can define the proxy settings using environment variables. To ensure security and integrity, configuring the Certificate Authority (CA) for the proxy is very important.

==== Configure System Environment Variable 

Set up a proxy in your system environment using the following environment variable.
`HTTPS_PROXY=http://proxy.domain.com:8080`.

==== Configure Container Environment Variable  

For containerized environments, configure the following environment variable:
`docker run -e PORT=8080 -e HTTPS_PROXY=http://proxy.domain.com:8080 bridgecrew/transporter`.

==== Configure Environment Variable for TLS Proxy (HTTPS_SOCKET_CA)

When working with a TLS termination proxy in a proxy or VPN, configure the HTTPS_SOCKET_CA environment variable with the appropriate CA certificate. This ensures secure TLS communication with properly authenticated endpoints during the TLS handshake process.

*HTTPS_SOCKET_CA (TLS Termination Proxy CA)*

[source,Dockerfile]
----
-e HTTPS_SOCKET_CA=/usr/bridgecrew/app/tls/ca.crt
-v /Users/username/config/certificates/ca.pem:/usr/bridgecrew/app/tls/ca.crt
----

Commit message:

Added Logs as a heading in Docker

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/manage-network-tunnel/deploy-transporter-docker.adoc, after:

:topic_type: task

[.task]
== Set Up Transporter Network Tunnels using Docker Containers

Deploy the Transporter network tunnel using Docker containers.

[.procedure]

. Before you begin.
.. Fulfill the xref:manage-network-tunnel.adoc#requirements[Requirements] listed in *Manage Transporter (Network Tunnel)*. 
.. https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/[Install Docker]. The Transporter Client requires Docker to be installed in your environment with network access to your self-hosted provider (such as your VCS). 
.. *Proxy*: If you are using a proxy, refer to <<docker-proxy-integration-,Docker Proxy Integration>> below for details on proxy connectivity.
.. *Self-signed certificates*: As mentioned in xref:manage-network-tunnel.adoc#requirements[Requirements for setting up the Transporter], you must provide the Transporter with a TLS certificate to ensure a secure webhook connection between your version control system and the Transporter. If you are using a self-signed certificate, add a TLS CA certificate environment variables and configure the HTTPS_CA variable. Refer to <<self-signed-certificates-,Self-Signed Certificates>> below for more information. 

. On the *Application Security* console, select *Home* > *Settings* > *Network Tunnels*.
+
image::application-security/transporter-network-tunnel-button.png[]
+
The *Manage Integrations* step of the installation wizard is displayed.
////
+
image::application-security/transporter-mng-int2.1.png[]

. Select *New Transporter*.
+
The *Manage Integrations* modal is expanded to include additional fields.
+
////
image::application-security/transporter-mng-int-exp.png[]

. Fill in the provided fields.
+
* *Transporter Name*: A unique alias. Helps to group and define multiple connections on the Prisma Cloud console. The Transporter name cannot contain spaces
* *Transporter URL*: The URL that your firewall or proxies route to the Transporter at the port configured in the Port section
* *Port*: The Transporter URL is a proxy URL with a port number you must define. This information will also be used in the Docker files that are configured in Transporter to communicate with Prisma Cloud
* *Prisma Cloud Access Key ID*: The Access Key ID generated in step 1 above
* *Prisma Cloud Secret Key*: The Secret key generated in step 1 above
* *TLS Certificate path*: The path to the TLS certificate in order to use Transporter. Webhooks use the certificate path to integrate with Transporter. Ensure that the path is for the specified Transporter client URL and port
* *TLS Certificate key path*: The path to the TLS certificate key. Allows WebSockets to encrypt traffic (communicate over HTTP). 
* *Provider Self Signed CA certificate path (Optional)*: The path for the self-signed CA certificate of your VCS provider when using self-signed certificates. 
* *VPN/Proxy CA certificate path (Optional)*: The path for the self-signed CA certificate of your VPN/proxy provider when using self-signed certificates, if it differs from the self-signed certificate used by the provider
* *Proxy URL (Optional)*: The proxy URL, when using a proxy

. Select *Next*. 
+
The *Deploy Client* step of the wizard is displayed.
+
image::application-security/transporter-deploy-client2.0.png[]

. Copy the command from the *Verify and add permissions for set TLS Certificate path* field, and run it in your CLI terminal.
+
NOTE: This command sets the permissions for the TLS certificate and defines the local path to the certificate.
.. Pull the Docker image: Copy the command from the *Docker pull CLI* field and run it in your CLI terminal.
. Select *Using Docker commands* or *Docker compose* from the *Run Image* field to run the image and establish communication between Prisma Cloud and your self-hosted VCS. 
+
image::application-security/transporter-deploy-client-runimageoptions2.0.png[]

.. Option #1: *Run Image through Docker Commands* 
+
Use *Docker commands* to create a Docker image that contains the code and configuration for establishing communication between Prisma Cloud and your self-hosted VCS. Then run this image using Docker commands.
+
* Copy and paste the command from the *Logs volume* command in your terminal to save the Docker logs as a dedicated volume.

* Copy and paste the command from the *Docker Run CLI command* in your terminal to run the pulled Docker image.

* *Enable debug level logs*: Add  the `-e LOG_LEVEL=debug \` environment variable to the list of variables in the *Docker Run CLI Command* field. 
+
image::application-security/transporter-log-debug1.1.png[]

.. Option #2: *Run Image through Docker Compose* 
+
Use *Docker compose* to define a Docker application that contains the code and configuration for establishing communication between Prisma Cloud and your self-hosted VCS. Then run this application using Docker compose.

* Copy and paste the content from the *Docker Compose Content* field into your file to create and save docker-compose file content that you can use later.

* Copy and paste the command from the *Docker-Compose CLI Command* field in your CLI terminal to run the 'docker-compose' command.

* *Enable debug level logs*: Add  the `- LOG_LEVEL=debug` environment variable to the list of  variables in the *Docker Compose Content* field .
+
NOTE: The `-d` value in the command specifies the name of the Docker Compose yml file.

. Select *Next* > *Done* to complete the integration.
+
NOTE: Only after the Transporter has run successfully can Prisma Cloud authenticate and establish a communication channel with your provider (such as VCS). Once the connection is established, Transporter will use WebSockets to communicate with each other.

. *Next Step*: Select the Transporter that will act as the secure communication channel between the hosted Docker Client and Prisma Cloud. 
+
Refer to xref:select-transporter-domain-consistency.adoc[Select Transporter and ensure Domain name consistency during Integration] for more information.

=== Verify Deployment and Connectivity

You can verify that the transporter has been successfully deployed and is connected to your providers through both the Prisma Cloud console and your CLI. 

* *On Prisma Cloud console*: In *Application Security* select *Home* > *Settings > Manage Network Tunnels > Manage Integrations*. Select that your Transporter in the *Transporter* field, and verify connectivity by checking for a displayed message
+
image::application-security/transporter-verify-connectivity-ui1.1.png[]

* *Using your CLI*: Run `docker logs [CONTAINER ID]`
+
image::application-security/transporter-docker-connectivity-log2.2.png[]

=== Add Additional Transporters

You can add a new Transporter to a VCS integration in *Application Security* through *Home* > *Settings* > *Manage Network Tunnels* > *Manage Integrations* > *New Transporter*, and repeating the deployment steps above.

=== Manage Transporter

You can manage the existing Transporter configuration in *Application Security* through *Home* > *Settings* > *Manage Network Tunnels* > *Manage Integrations*.

* *Edit* Transporter: Select a Transporter from the menu in the Transporter field > Edit required the values in the same manner as the integration process above

* *Delete* Transporter: Select a Transporter from the menu in the Transporter field > Click *Delete Transporter*.
+
NOTE: To delete the Transporter, you need to first remove the existing VCS integrations associated with it.

=== Health Check

The health check provides about the VCS integrations and the most recent connection establishment time. The Transporter runs health checks every hour, and you manually refresh the connection at any time through Prisma Cloud.

For more on health checks see xref:transporter-health-check.adoc[Transporter Health Check]. 

=== Enable Logs

Configure logging to capture and store system events, errors, and activities for analysis and troubleshooting purposes by adding an environment variable. See step 4.2 *Option #2: Run Image through Docker Compose* for details. 

[#self-signed-certificates]
=== Self Signed Certificates
Ensure the security of your Transporter Client when using self-signed certificates, by adding TLS CA Certificate environment variables, and configuring the HTTPS_CA variable.

==== Adding TLS CA Certificate Environment Variables

To enhance security and enable TLS configuration for your Transporter Client, consider including Certificate Authority (CA) certificates. 

==== Configure TLS with HTTPS_CA Variable 

When using a self-signed certificate for your Transporter Client, which is a common practice for internal or non-public systems, add the CA certificate that signed your self-signed certificate to the HTTPS_CA environment variable. This step ensures that your VCS system can verify the domain's identity and establish a secure connection using HTTPS, even with self-signed certificates. It is a way to establish trust for your self-signed certificate within your environment.

*HTTPS_SOCKET_CA*

[source,Dockerfile]
----
-e HTTPS_CA=/usr/bridgecrew/app/tls/ca.crt
-v /Users/username/config/certificates/ca.pem:/usr/bridgecrew/app/tls/ca.crt
----

==== Configure Environment Variable for TLS Proxy (HTTPS_SOCKET_CA)

When working with a TLS termination proxy in a proxy or VPN, configure the 'HTTPS_SOCKET_CA' environment variable with the appropriate CA certificate. This ensures secure TLS communication with properly authenticated endpoints during the TLS handshake process.

NOTE: This variable is required when the CA certificate used by the proxy differs from the CA certificate used by the Transporter Client (refer to the section above).

*HTTPS_SOCKET_CA (TLS Termination Proxy CA)*

[source,Dockerfile]
----
HTTPS_SOCKET_CA (TLS Termination Proxy CA) 
-e HTTPS_SOCKET_CA=/usr/bridgecrew/app/tls/ca.crt
-v /Users/username/config/certificates/ca.pem:/usr/bridgecrew/app/tls/ca.crt
----

[#docker-proxy-integration-]
=== Docker Proxy Connectivity

Using a proxy enhances security and network efficiency by enabling the establishment of a secure and isolated communication channel between the Prisma Cloud service and your self-hosted version control system, such as GitLab Self Managed or GitHub Server.

The following diagram displays system architecture for proxy connectivity in a Docker Container environment.

image::application-security/transporter-connectivity-docker-proxy-2.0.png[]

NOTES:

* In the first diagram the connection between the VCS and Transporter Client  does not pass through the firewall, while in the second diagram, the connectivity between the VCS and Transporter Client passes through a firewall
* The Connectivity legend for the proxy matches with the legend  Transporter connectivity above, except that traffic passes through the firewall from the Transporter Client to the Proxy, and then to the Prisma Cloud Tenant  

==== Configure Proxy Server and Certificate Authority (CA)

Organizations using a proxy server to enhance network security can define the proxy settings using environment variables. To ensure security and integrity, configuring the Certificate Authority (CA) for the proxy is very important.

==== Configure System Environment Variable 

Set up a proxy in your system environment using the following environment variable.
`HTTPS_PROXY=http://proxy.domain.com:8080`.

==== Configure Container Environment Variable  

For containerized environments, configure the following environment variable:
`docker run -e PORT=8080 -e HTTPS_PROXY=http://proxy.domain.com:8080 bridgecrew/transporter`.

==== Configure Environment Variable for TLS Proxy (HTTPS_SOCKET_CA)

When working with a TLS termination proxy in a proxy or VPN, configure the HTTPS_SOCKET_CA environment variable with the appropriate CA certificate. This ensures secure TLS communication with properly authenticated endpoints during the TLS handshake process.

*HTTPS_SOCKET_CA (TLS Termination Proxy CA)*

[source,Dockerfile]
----
-e HTTPS_SOCKET_CA=/usr/bridgecrew/app/tls/ca.crt
-v /Users/username/config/certificates/ca.pem:/usr/bridgecrew/app/tls/ca.crt
----
