docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/visibility/sbom/sbom.adoc, before:

== SBOM

'SBOM' provides an inventory and details of third party dependencies detected in your environment, including version, license, CVE vulnerabilities, severity and more. This information allows you to analyze your software components, libraries, and dependencies, in order to identify and remediate vulnerabilities and security risks. 

In addition, SBOM provides allows efficient management of patches and updates, and fosters collaboration between development, operations, and security teams.  

See https://www.cisa.gov/sbom[CISA] for more on SBOMs.

[.task]

=== Access SBOM

[.procedure]

. Before you can access the 'SBOM' page and view its resources, you must subscribe to the SCA module. For more on SCA licenses, refer to xref:../get-started/application-security-license-types.adoc[Application Security Licenses].
//TODO: Update path

. In *Application Security*, select > *Home* > *SBOM*.
+
image::application-security/sbom-intro3.1.png[]

The SBOM displays an inventory of dependencies or packages in your organization, including the following details:

* *Package*: The name of the package.
* *Version*: The version of the package.
* *License*: The package license.
* *Found In*: The repositories in which the package was detected. The number in the column represents the amount of repositories in which the package is found.
* *Vulnerabilities*: The vulnerabilities detected in the package, with a link to a CVE database for further information. The number in the column represents the amount of multiple vulnerabilities detected in the package.
+
NOTE: For more details about the vulnerability, click on the package in the inventory table. See below for more on dependency vulnerability details.
* *Highest Severity*: The highest severity of a vulnerability found in a package when multiple vulnerabilities are detected, or the severity of a single vulnerability.

Selecting a package from the inventory table opens the *resource explorer* displaying additional information about the entity.

* The *Details* tab opens as the default view, providing metadata about the package including name, version, license, vulnerabilities and the amount of repositories in which the package is found. Selecting the amount of repositories opens the Repositories tab - see below for more
+
image::application-security/sbom-details3.0.png[]

* The *Issues* tab includes a list of all vulnerabilities detected in the package, including their description, the affected version, the version fix, the CVE policy/vulnerability with a link to the database for more details, severity, CVE ID, CVSS score and vector, risk factors, the fix version, and whether the fix is private or public.
+
To view the issue in more detail, select *View Issue*, which redirects to xref:../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/monitor-and-manage-code-build.adoc[Projects].
+
image::application-security/sbom-issues-3.0.png[]

* The *Repositories* tab includes details of the repositories hosting the packages, their location and dependency tree, including both direct and indirect dependencies.
+
image::application-security/sbom-repositories3.1.png[]

//and the xref:../supply-chain-security.adoc[Supply Chain Graph]
//TODO: The content was on line 40. @JBakstPaloAlto -please add it back when the content is up later in the Q.

=== Filters

You can apply the following filters to narrow down a search for a package.

* *Repository*: Filter packages by repository.

NOTE: Only repositories that include packages are listed

* *Ecosystem*: Filter by the package manager hosting the dependency*

* *Images*: Filter by the image hosting the dependency.

* *License*: Filter by package license.

* *Vulnerabilities*: Filter the vulnerabilities by CVE ID.

* *Severity*: Filter the vulnerabilities by severity.

* *'Show only vulnerable'*: Toggle *ON* to display vulnerable packages only in the inventory table.

[.task]

=== Generate SBOM

You can generate a SBOM for you repository. You can choose to generate an SBOM that contains all of the data types in a single file, or you can choose to generate separate SBOMs for each data type. The following data types are available for SBOM generation:

* All - download all data types in a single file
* Open source packages
* Infrastructure-as Code
* Images

[.procedure]

. In 'Application Security', select *Home* > *Projects > Menu (in the top right corner) > Generate SBOM*.
+
image::application-security/sbom-menu-generate3.1.png[]

. In the popup.
.. Select a repository.
.. Select a type of output. Values: CycloneDX, CSV files.
. .Select a data type.
.. Click *Generate*.
+
image::application-security/sbom-generate-popup3.0.png[]
+
When applying filters, the generated data will only include filtered data.

Commit message:

Inital Package operational risk content

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/visibility/sbom/sbom.adoc, after:

== SBOM

'SBOM' provides an inventory and details of third party dependencies detected in your environment, including version, license, CVE vulnerabilities, severity and more. This information allows you to analyze your software components, libraries, and dependencies, in order to identify and remediate vulnerabilities and security risks. 

In addition, SBOM provides allows efficient management of patches and updates, and fosters collaboration between development, operations, and security teams.  

See https://www.cisa.gov/sbom[CISA] for more on SBOMs.

[.task]

=== Access SBOM

[.procedure]

. Before you can access the 'SBOM' page and view its resources, you must subscribe to the SCA module. For more on SCA licenses, refer to xref:../get-started/application-security-license-types.adoc[Application Security Licenses].
//TODO: Update path

. In *Application Security*, select > *Home* > *SBOM*.
+
image::application-security/sbom-intro3.1.png[]

The SBOM displays an inventory of dependencies or packages in your organization, including the following details:

* *Package*: The name of the package.
* *Version*: The version of the package.
* *License*: The package license.
* *Found In*: The repositories in which the package was detected. The number in the column represents the amount of repositories in which the package is found.
* *Vulnerabilities*: The vulnerabilities detected in the package, with a link to a CVE database for further information. The number in the column represents the amount of multiple vulnerabilities detected in the package.
+
NOTE: For more details about the vulnerability, click on the package in the inventory table. See below for more on dependency vulnerability details.
* *Highest Severity*: The highest severity of a vulnerability found in a package when multiple vulnerabilities are detected, or the severity of a single vulnerability.

Selecting a package from the inventory table opens the *resource explorer* displaying additional information about the entity.

* The *Details* tab opens as the default view, providing metadata about the package including name, version, license, vulnerabilities and the amount of repositories in which the package is found. Selecting the amount of repositories opens the Repositories tab - see below for more
+
image::application-security/sbom-details3.0.png[]

* The *Issues* tab includes a list of all vulnerabilities detected in the package, including their description, the affected version, the version fix, the CVE policy/vulnerability with a link to the database for more details, severity, CVE ID, CVSS score and vector, risk factors, the fix version, and whether the fix is private or public.
+
To view the issue in more detail, select *View Issue*, which redirects to xref:../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/monitor-and-manage-code-build.adoc[Projects].
+
image::application-security/sbom-issues-3.0.png[]

* The *Repositories* tab includes details of the repositories hosting the packages, their location and dependency tree, including both direct and indirect dependencies.
+
image::application-security/sbom-repositories3.1.png[]

//and the xref:../supply-chain-security.adoc[Supply Chain Graph]
//TODO: The content was on line 40. @JBakstPaloAlto -please add it back when the content is up later in the Q.

=== Filters

You can apply the following filters to narrow down a search for a package.

* *Repository*: Filter packages by repository.

NOTE: Only repositories that include packages are listed

* *Ecosystem*: Filter by the package manager hosting the dependency*

* *Images*: Filter by the image hosting the dependency.

* *License*: Filter by package license.

* *Vulnerabilities*: Filter the vulnerabilities by CVE ID.

* *Severity*: Filter the vulnerabilities by severity.

* *'Show only vulnerable'*: Toggle *ON* to display vulnerable packages only in the inventory table.

[.task]

=== Package Operational Risk

Package Operational Risk analyzes factors like package maintainers, popularity, and other relevant metrics to assess the operational risk and potential impact of each package in your codebase. This empowers developers and security professionals to prioritize risks associated with each open-source package in their codebase. By understanding the relative risk of each package, you can focus remediation efforts on the most critical issues. This results in  a more secure, reliable, and maintainable codebase.

The system collects and analyzes data using predefined algorithms and criteria to calculate the Package Operational Risk for each open-source package, with scores ranging from 1 to 10 (10 being the highest score). This data and criteria include package popularity and maintenance characteristics. The calculated scores are displayed on the Prisma Cloud Application Security console.

==== View Package Operational Risk

You can view Package Operational Risk on the *SBOM* page and in the xref:../repositories.adoc#app-graph[Application Graph] on Repositories. Additionally, you can fetch these scores through the https://pan.dev/prisma-cloud/api/code/sbom-dependencies/[Prisma Cloud API].




=== Generate SBOM

You can generate a SBOM for you repository. You can choose to generate an SBOM that contains all of the data types in a single file, or you can choose to generate separate SBOMs for each data type. The following data types are available for SBOM generation:

* All - download all data types in a single file
* Open source packages
* Infrastructure-as Code
* Images

[.procedure]

. In 'Application Security', select *Home* > *Projects > Menu (in the top right corner) > Generate SBOM*.
+
image::application-security/sbom-menu-generate3.1.png[]

. In the popup.
.. Select a repository.
.. Select a type of output. Values: CycloneDX, CSV files.
. .Select a data type.
.. Click *Generate*.
+
image::application-security/sbom-generate-popup3.0.png[]
+
When applying filters, the generated data will only include filtered data.
