docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/visibility/repositories.adoc, before:

== Repositories

*Repositories* provides a comprehensive view of your engineering technical stack from repository to deployment, all within a repository-based view. This allows you to identify and analyze all your code repositories, their associated infrastructure such as programming languages, frameworks, CI files and so on, and your paths to production.

'Repositories' maps your organization's security posture, allowing you to understand the high and critical risks in your repositories. The <<app-graph,Application Graph>> provides additional insights into your repository assets. This helps you to prioritize and address the most critical security issues first, reducing the risk of security breaches.

NOTE: The repositories displayed in the inventory are limited to those selected during VCS onboarding. To ensure complete visibility, it is recommended to select all repositories during VCS onboarding. Users will only see repositories to which they have been granted access, based on their designated roles and permissions.

//See xref:getting-started.adoc#manage-role-permission[Manage Roles and Permissions]for more.

To access *Repositories*, in *Application Security* select *Home*.

*Repositories* opens by default, displaying an inventory of your engineering technical stack, organized by repository.

image::application-security/repositories2.1.png[]

The inventory includes the following details.

* *Version control system* (VCS) platform: Represents the VCS hosting the repository.

* *Repository Name*: A list of all repositories detected from all the VCS integrations. Includes a link to the repository

* *Visibility*: Whether the repository is private or public (displayed as an icon)

* *Archived*: Whether the repository is archived (displayed as an icon)

* *Contributors*: A list of contributors to the repository. Clicking on a number displayed in the column opens a pop-up with more details about the contributors. Additional information about the contributors can also be found by selecting a repository which opens the resource explorer, as described below

* *Technologies*: Displays the most frequently used languages and frameworks detected in the repository. Hover over a technology to its frequency of usage in the pipeline. Selecting the number displayed in the column displays a popup, with information about additional technologies detected in the repository.

* *Pipelines*: The CI/CD pipeline systems such as Jenkins and GitHub Actions that are connected to the repository. Clicking on the number next to a pipeline opens a pop-up displaying details about the pipelines. Note that you must integrate your CI systems in order to view connected pipelines

* *Issues*: The number of IaC, Secrets, SCA and CI/CD issues detected in the master branch of a repository. Clicking on the link redirects to the relevant issue page. IaC, Secrets and SCA issues redirect to the Projects page, while CI/CD issues redirect to CI/CD Risks, where the issues are displayed filtered by repository and high-critical severity

* *Last Update*: The last date that the repository was updated, that is new code pushed

* *Risk Factors*: Indicates whether the repository deploys images to live systems

* *Deployed Images*: Allows you to identify container images in a running environment
+
NOTE: For more information on Risk Factors and Deployed Images, refer to xref:../risk-management/risk-indicators.adoc[Risk Indicators].

* *Actions*: Selecting the menu under the Actions column displays the *Application Graph*, a graphical representation of the repository's path to production. See <<app-graph,Application Graph>> below for more
//image::application-security/icon-app-graph.png[]
// ** <<last-pull-request-scan,Last Pull Request Scan>>: A link to details of the last repository PR scan
// ** <<sbom-,SBOM>>: A link to the repository SBOM.

Selecting a repository in the inventory table opens the *resource explorer*, displaying additional information.

* The *Details* tab opens opens as the default view, displaying metadata about the repository, including repo size, last commit, dependencies (with a link to the SBOM page, filtered by the repository) and CI files. In addition, technologies detected in the repository, including programming languages and frameworks, are displayed.
+
image::application-security/repositories-details2.1.png[]

* The *Contributors* tab includes details about the contributors and their permissions to the repository
+
image::application-security/repositories-contributors3.1.png[]

* The *Graph* tab provides a view of the repository as a graphical representation
+
image::application-security/repositories-appgraph2.1.png[] 
+
See <<app-graph,Application Graph>> below for more on the *Application Graph*.
+
NOTE: You can also access a repository's graph from *Actions* in the Repository table.

=== Filters

'Repositories' features default filters for quick data analysis. Additionally, you can add or remove filters to further refine your results by selecting the filter. Available filters include:

* *Repository*: Filter by repository (Displayed by default)
* *Organization*: Filter by organization of a version controlled system (Displayed by default)
* *Visibility*: Filter by type of repository. Values: 'Private', 'Public' (Displayed by default)
* *Technologies*: Filter by programming languages and frameworks detected in the infrastructure, listed by category to find technologies such as Python, GitHub Actions, Terraform and more. Values: 'Programming', 'Package Manager', 'Data Files', 'Devops' (Displayed by default)
* *Pipelines*: Filter by pipelines detected in the infrastructure (Displayed by default)
* *Issues*: Filter by type of issue. Values: 'IaC', 'Secrets', 'SCA', 'CI/CD' (Displayed by default) 
* *VCS*: Filter type of version control system detected in the environment
* *Archived*: Filter repositories by archived/un-archived status 

[#app-graph]

=== Application Graph

You can view the repository as a graphical representation, allowing you to explore, better understand and analyze the repository assets and connections. This will allow you to get a better understanding of your technology stack, attack vectors and security posture. The development
path from version control system to deployment including the different technologies, systems and configurations in the engineering environment are presented as nodes on a graph, while edges provide details of the relationship between the nodes.

The Application Graph currently supports the following systems:

* VCS platforms: GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket
* Continuous integration (CI) systems: Jenkins, CircleCI, GitHub Actions

To view a repository as a graph:

* Select a repository in the inventory table > *Graph* tab OR:

* Select the Graph View icon located in the _Actions_ column of a repository in the inventory table

The *Application Graph* representing the repository is displayed.

image::application-security/repositories-app-graph1.1.png[]

The Application Graph includes the following components:

* <<nodes-,Nodes>>: The assets of a repository. Can include entities
* <<edges-,Edges>>: The connections between nodes

//* <<graphfilters-,Graph Filters>>: Includes out-of-the-box *Categories* and *Predefined Queries*
//* <<query-builder-,Query Builder>>: Create custom queries

* *Export*: Download graph data as a png image or JSON file
* *Controls*: Include zoom and reset  

[#nodes-]
==== Nodes

[.task]
===== View Node Details

[.procedure]

. Select the node on the graph to display the node details.
. To view additional details, click *View Details*. 
+
image::application-security/repositories-graph-details1.1.png[]
+
The Details panel opens, displaying the node's details.
+
image::application-security/repositories-graph-additional-details1.1.png[]

===== Node Entities

Nodes of the same type are grouped and displayed under a single group node as entities of the node. A number indicates the number of entities in the node. Click on the group node to expand and view the entities. Details of an entity can be viewed by clicking on *View Details* in the same manner as nodes. 

You can collapse the entities back into the group node by standing on the entities and selecting the collapse icon.

== Limitations of CI/CD Security Scanning for User Repos

Unlike organization repositories, Prisma Cloud's CI/CD security in user repositories offers limited functionality. User repository scans are limited to fetching *Workspace* data (members, collaborators information and commit history) and *Repository* data (collaborators, repository contributors and repository commits history). Advanced CI/CD security scan features are not supported for user repositories.

////

[cols="1,1", options="header"]
|===
|Action
|Steps

|*View all entities of a group node*
a|

* Open the group node *Details* panel:
Click on the group node > Select a node under the *Expanded nodes field*. The node is regrouped under the group node and is displayed under the *Collapsed node* field OR:
* Right-click on an extracted node on the graph > *Collapse*. The entity is regrouped in the group node.

|*Extract an entity from the group node*
a|

* Click on an entity in the *Details* panel.
The selected entity moves to the *Expanded* nodes field OR:
* Right-click on a group node > select *Expand* - see above

NOTE: When clicking on an entity in the Details panel, the entity is extracted from the node group and presented on the graph as an individual node.

|*View an extracted entity's details*
a|

* Click on the entity in the *Details* panel OR:
* Right-click on a group node on the graph > *Expand* > right-click on the extracted node > *Info*

|*Regroup extracted nodes*
a|

* Open the group node Details panel: Click on the group node > Select a node under the *Expanded* nodes field. The node is regrouped under the group node and is displayed under the *Collapsed node* field OR:
* Right-click on an extracted node on the graph > *Collapse*. The entity is regrouped in the group node.


|*Regroup all extracted nodes*
| Right-click on an extracted node on the graph > *Collapse All*. All extracted nodes are regrouped in the group node.

|===

////

[#edges-]
==== Edges

Edges are the connections that display the relationships between nodes. The path arrow indicates the direction between the source and target node. 

////
===== Actions on Edges

* To view the relationship between a node and edge, click on a node. The node's connections to other nodes are displayed. Details of the relationship including the type direction of the relation are presented
* To view details of a connection: Click on a connection. The connection *Details* panel opens, displaying the source and target nodes connected by the connection, as well as the type of connection.


[#graphfilters-]
==== Graph Filters

Graph filters include *Categories* and *Predefined Queries*.

===== Filter by Category

Categories include all node types detected by Prisma Cloud in the engineering environment. When selecting a category from the list, nodes representing the assets of the category are displayed on the graph.

===== Filter by Predefined Queries

Predefined Queries are queries defined by the system that allow you to quickly retrieve search results. When selecting a predefined query, the graph is filtered by the query and displays the results.

[.task]

[#query-builder-]
==== Query Builder

*Query Builder* allows you to create custom queries tailored to your requirements in order to return required data:

[.procedure]

. In the Application Graph, select *Query Builder*.

. Select an entity from the `Entity` menu.
+
The entity is displayed in the Query Builder panel.
+
NOTE: The list of available entities corresponds to all available node types even when they are not detected in the organization.

. Add an entity to the query.

.. Click the *+* button underneath the selected entity. A list of entities connected to the selected entity is displayed.

. Optional, add an attribute to an entity.

.. Click the *filter* icon in the entity field.
+
The attribute settings opens.

.. Select a value from each of the setting field menus: *Key*, *Operator*.

.. Set a value in the *Value* field.

.. To add additional attributes: click *Add Filters +* and repeat the steps above.

. To add additional entities to a query: select the '*+*' icon under an entity > repeat the steps above.
+
image::application-security/repositories-querybuilder2.2.png[]

. Click the *Apply* button in the top right of the page.
+
The query results are displayed on the graph. The *Active Query* field in the top left of the screen indicates that a query is applied to the graph view.

+
image::application-security/repositories-querybuilder3.2.png[]

===== Managing Deletions

* Delete an entity from a query: Select the delete icon underneath an entity to delete the entity from the query
+
NOTE: Deleting an entity deletes all subsequent connected entities in the query chain.

* Delete attributes: Select the delete '*-*' icon next to an attribute field of an entity to delete the attribute

* Delete queries: Click the '*x*' icon in the 'Active Query' field in the top left of the screen > select *Clear* when the confirmation popup is displayed




[#last-pull-request-scan]
=== Last Pull Request Scan

View the last PR scan of the repository in order to understand the vulnerabilities detected in the repository, and to apply fixes: Select Last PR Scan under the Actions column in the inventory table. You are redirected to xref:../risk-prevention/code/monitor-fix-issues-in-scan.adoc[Projects], displaying repositories filtered by VCS Pull Request, and sorted by last scan.


[#sbom-]
=== SBOM

View the repository's SBOM to understand its inventory of software including libraries, versions of third party components and open source packages, as well as to view all detected vulnerabilities: Select *SBOM* under the *Actions* column in the inventory table. You are redirected to the xref:software-bill-of-materials-generation/sbom.adoc[SBOM] page, filtered by the selected repository.
link "SBOM" to the SBOM page


=== Export Repository Data

Select the *Download* image: download-icon.png[] icon to save the repository data as a CSV file.
////

Commit message:

Revised user repo limitation wording

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/visibility/repositories.adoc, after:

== Repositories

*Repositories* provides a comprehensive view of your engineering technical stack from repository to deployment, all within a repository-based view. This allows you to identify and analyze all your code repositories, their associated infrastructure such as programming languages, frameworks, CI files and so on, and your paths to production.

'Repositories' maps your organization's security posture, allowing you to understand the high and critical risks in your repositories. The <<app-graph,Application Graph>> provides additional insights into your repository assets. This helps you to prioritize and address the most critical security issues first, reducing the risk of security breaches.

NOTE: The repositories displayed in the inventory are limited to those selected during VCS onboarding. To ensure complete visibility, it is recommended to select all repositories during VCS onboarding. Users will only see repositories to which they have been granted access, based on their designated roles and permissions.

=== User Repository CI/CD Scan Limitation

Prisma Cloud's CI/CD scan capabilities differ between organization repositories and user repositories. Unlike organization repositories, Prisma Cloud's CI/CD security for user repositories offers limited functionality, as scans are limited to fetching *Workspace* data (members, collaborators information and commit history) and *Repository* data (collaborators, repository contributors and repository commits history). Advanced CI/CD security scan features are not supported for user repositories.

//See xref:getting-started.adoc#manage-role-permission[Manage Roles and Permissions]for more.

To access *Repositories*, in *Application Security* select *Home*.

*Repositories* opens by default, displaying an inventory of your engineering technical stack, organized by repository.

image::application-security/repositories2.1.png[]

The inventory includes the following details.

* *Version control system* (VCS) platform: Represents the VCS hosting the repository.

* *Repository Name*: A list of all repositories detected from all the VCS integrations. Includes a link to the repository

* *Visibility*: Whether the repository is private or public (displayed as an icon)

* *Archived*: Whether the repository is archived (displayed as an icon)

* *Contributors*: A list of contributors to the repository. Clicking on a number displayed in the column opens a pop-up with more details about the contributors. Additional information about the contributors can also be found by selecting a repository which opens the resource explorer, as described below

* *Technologies*: Displays the most frequently used languages and frameworks detected in the repository. Hover over a technology to its frequency of usage in the pipeline. Selecting the number displayed in the column displays a popup, with information about additional technologies detected in the repository.

* *Pipelines*: The CI/CD pipeline systems such as Jenkins and GitHub Actions that are connected to the repository. Clicking on the number next to a pipeline opens a pop-up displaying details about the pipelines. Note that you must integrate your CI systems in order to view connected pipelines

* *Issues*: The number of IaC, Secrets, SCA and CI/CD issues detected in the master branch of a repository. Clicking on the link redirects to the relevant issue page. IaC, Secrets and SCA issues redirect to the Projects page, while CI/CD issues redirect to CI/CD Risks, where the issues are displayed filtered by repository and high-critical severity

* *Last Update*: The last date that the repository was updated, that is new code pushed

* *Risk Factors*: Indicates whether the repository deploys images to live systems

* *Deployed Images*: Allows you to identify container images in a running environment
+
NOTE: For more information on Risk Factors and Deployed Images, refer to xref:../risk-management/risk-indicators.adoc[Risk Indicators].

* *Actions*: Selecting the menu under the Actions column displays the *Application Graph*, a graphical representation of the repository's path to production. See <<app-graph,Application Graph>> below for more
//image::application-security/icon-app-graph.png[]
// ** <<last-pull-request-scan,Last Pull Request Scan>>: A link to details of the last repository PR scan
// ** <<sbom-,SBOM>>: A link to the repository SBOM.

Selecting a repository in the inventory table opens the *resource explorer*, displaying additional information.

* The *Details* tab opens opens as the default view, displaying metadata about the repository, including repo size, last commit, dependencies (with a link to the SBOM page, filtered by the repository) and CI files. In addition, technologies detected in the repository, including programming languages and frameworks, are displayed.
+
image::application-security/repositories-details2.1.png[]

* The *Contributors* tab includes details about the contributors and their permissions to the repository
+
image::application-security/repositories-contributors3.1.png[]

* The *Graph* tab provides a view of the repository as a graphical representation
+
image::application-security/repositories-appgraph2.1.png[] 
+
See <<app-graph,Application Graph>> below for more on the *Application Graph*.
+
NOTE: You can also access a repository's graph from *Actions* in the Repository table.

=== Filters

'Repositories' features default filters for quick data analysis. Additionally, you can add or remove filters to further refine your results by selecting the filter. Available filters include:

* *Repository*: Filter by repository (Displayed by default)
* *Organization*: Filter by organization of a version controlled system (Displayed by default)
* *Visibility*: Filter by type of repository. Values: 'Private', 'Public' (Displayed by default)
* *Technologies*: Filter by programming languages and frameworks detected in the infrastructure, listed by category to find technologies such as Python, GitHub Actions, Terraform and more. Values: 'Programming', 'Package Manager', 'Data Files', 'Devops' (Displayed by default)
* *Pipelines*: Filter by pipelines detected in the infrastructure (Displayed by default)
* *Issues*: Filter by type of issue. Values: 'IaC', 'Secrets', 'SCA', 'CI/CD' (Displayed by default) 
* *VCS*: Filter type of version control system detected in the environment
* *Archived*: Filter repositories by archived/un-archived status 

[#app-graph]

=== Application Graph

You can view the repository as a graphical representation, allowing you to explore, better understand and analyze the repository assets and connections. This will allow you to get a better understanding of your technology stack, attack vectors and security posture. The development
path from version control system to deployment including the different technologies, systems and configurations in the engineering environment are presented as nodes on a graph, while edges provide details of the relationship between the nodes.

The Application Graph currently supports the following systems:

* VCS platforms: GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket
* Continuous integration (CI) systems: Jenkins, CircleCI, GitHub Actions

To view a repository as a graph:

* Select a repository in the inventory table > *Graph* tab OR:

* Select the Graph View icon located in the _Actions_ column of a repository in the inventory table

The *Application Graph* representing the repository is displayed.

image::application-security/repositories-app-graph1.1.png[]

The Application Graph includes the following components:

* <<nodes-,Nodes>>: The assets of a repository. Can include entities
* <<edges-,Edges>>: The connections between nodes

//* <<graphfilters-,Graph Filters>>: Includes out-of-the-box *Categories* and *Predefined Queries*
//* <<query-builder-,Query Builder>>: Create custom queries

* *Export*: Download graph data as a png image or JSON file
* *Controls*: Include zoom and reset  

[#nodes-]
==== Nodes

[.task]
===== View Node Details

[.procedure]

. Select the node on the graph to display the node details.
. To view additional details, click *View Details*. 
+
image::application-security/repositories-graph-details1.1.png[]
+
The Details panel opens, displaying the node's details.
+
image::application-security/repositories-graph-additional-details1.1.png[]

===== Node Entities

Nodes of the same type are grouped and displayed under a single group node as entities of the node. A number indicates the number of entities in the node. Click on the group node to expand and view the entities. Details of an entity can be viewed by clicking on *View Details* in the same manner as nodes. 

You can collapse the entities back into the group node by standing on the entities and selecting the collapse icon.


////

[cols="1,1", options="header"]
|===
|Action
|Steps

|*View all entities of a group node*
a|

* Open the group node *Details* panel:
Click on the group node > Select a node under the *Expanded nodes field*. The node is regrouped under the group node and is displayed under the *Collapsed node* field OR:
* Right-click on an extracted node on the graph > *Collapse*. The entity is regrouped in the group node.

|*Extract an entity from the group node*
a|

* Click on an entity in the *Details* panel.
The selected entity moves to the *Expanded* nodes field OR:
* Right-click on a group node > select *Expand* - see above

NOTE: When clicking on an entity in the Details panel, the entity is extracted from the node group and presented on the graph as an individual node.

|*View an extracted entity's details*
a|

* Click on the entity in the *Details* panel OR:
* Right-click on a group node on the graph > *Expand* > right-click on the extracted node > *Info*

|*Regroup extracted nodes*
a|

* Open the group node Details panel: Click on the group node > Select a node under the *Expanded* nodes field. The node is regrouped under the group node and is displayed under the *Collapsed node* field OR:
* Right-click on an extracted node on the graph > *Collapse*. The entity is regrouped in the group node.


|*Regroup all extracted nodes*
| Right-click on an extracted node on the graph > *Collapse All*. All extracted nodes are regrouped in the group node.

|===

////

[#edges-]
==== Edges

Edges are the connections that display the relationships between nodes. The path arrow indicates the direction between the source and target node. 

////
===== Actions on Edges

* To view the relationship between a node and edge, click on a node. The node's connections to other nodes are displayed. Details of the relationship including the type direction of the relation are presented
* To view details of a connection: Click on a connection. The connection *Details* panel opens, displaying the source and target nodes connected by the connection, as well as the type of connection.


[#graphfilters-]
==== Graph Filters

Graph filters include *Categories* and *Predefined Queries*.

===== Filter by Category

Categories include all node types detected by Prisma Cloud in the engineering environment. When selecting a category from the list, nodes representing the assets of the category are displayed on the graph.

===== Filter by Predefined Queries

Predefined Queries are queries defined by the system that allow you to quickly retrieve search results. When selecting a predefined query, the graph is filtered by the query and displays the results.

[.task]

[#query-builder-]
==== Query Builder

*Query Builder* allows you to create custom queries tailored to your requirements in order to return required data:

[.procedure]

. In the Application Graph, select *Query Builder*.

. Select an entity from the `Entity` menu.
+
The entity is displayed in the Query Builder panel.
+
NOTE: The list of available entities corresponds to all available node types even when they are not detected in the organization.

. Add an entity to the query.

.. Click the *+* button underneath the selected entity. A list of entities connected to the selected entity is displayed.

. Optional, add an attribute to an entity.

.. Click the *filter* icon in the entity field.
+
The attribute settings opens.

.. Select a value from each of the setting field menus: *Key*, *Operator*.

.. Set a value in the *Value* field.

.. To add additional attributes: click *Add Filters +* and repeat the steps above.

. To add additional entities to a query: select the '*+*' icon under an entity > repeat the steps above.
+
image::application-security/repositories-querybuilder2.2.png[]

. Click the *Apply* button in the top right of the page.
+
The query results are displayed on the graph. The *Active Query* field in the top left of the screen indicates that a query is applied to the graph view.

+
image::application-security/repositories-querybuilder3.2.png[]

===== Managing Deletions

* Delete an entity from a query: Select the delete icon underneath an entity to delete the entity from the query
+
NOTE: Deleting an entity deletes all subsequent connected entities in the query chain.

* Delete attributes: Select the delete '*-*' icon next to an attribute field of an entity to delete the attribute

* Delete queries: Click the '*x*' icon in the 'Active Query' field in the top left of the screen > select *Clear* when the confirmation popup is displayed




[#last-pull-request-scan]
=== Last Pull Request Scan

View the last PR scan of the repository in order to understand the vulnerabilities detected in the repository, and to apply fixes: Select Last PR Scan under the Actions column in the inventory table. You are redirected to xref:../risk-prevention/code/monitor-fix-issues-in-scan.adoc[Projects], displaying repositories filtered by VCS Pull Request, and sorted by last scan.


[#sbom-]
=== SBOM

View the repository's SBOM to understand its inventory of software including libraries, versions of third party components and open source packages, as well as to view all detected vulnerabilities: Select *SBOM* under the *Actions* column in the inventory table. You are redirected to the xref:software-bill-of-materials-generation/sbom.adoc[SBOM] page, filtered by the selected repository.
link "SBOM" to the SBOM page


=== Export Repository Data

Select the *Download* image: download-icon.png[] icon to save the repository data as a CSV file.
////
