docs/en/classic/compute-admin-guide/configure/permissions.adoc, before:

[#permissions]
== Permissions by Feature

When you set up Prisma Cloud Compute to secure your cloud workloads, you'll need to ensure you've granted Prisma Cloud the right permissions.
The following tables list the permissions required for each of Compute's protection capabilities.

Review the following sets of permissions to ensure Prisma Cloud has the right permissions.

* The needed for each cloud service provider:

** <<#aws,AWS required permissions>>
** <<#azure,Azure required permissions>>
** <<#gcp,GCP required permissions>>

* The permissions needed for agentless scanning in each cloud service provider:

** <<#aws-agentless,AWS required permission for agentless scanning>>
** <<#azure-agentless,Azure required permission for agentless scanning>>
** <<#gcp-agentless,GCP required permission for agentless scanning>>

[#aws]
=== AWS

The following table shows the required permissions needed if you are using AWS.
You can also review the <<#aws-agentless,permissions needed for agentless scanning in AWS>>.

[format=csv, options="header"]
|===
https://main\--prisma-cloud-docs-website\--hlxsites.hlx.live/en/compute-edition/assets/compute-feature-wise-permissions?sheet=aws-used-in-docs-for-22.12
|===

[#aws-agentless]
==== AWS Agentless Permissions

The following table shows the required permissions, conditions, and resources for agentless scanning.

Go to the https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/EBSEncryption.html#ebs-encryption-requirements[AWS documentation for the official list of permissions needed to support EBS encryption].

[format=csv, options="header"]
|===
https://main\--prisma-cloud-docs-website\--hlxsites.hlx.live/en/compute-edition/assets/compute-feature-wise-permissions?sheet=aws-agentless-30-03
|===

[#gcp]
=== GCP

The following table shows the required permissions needed if you are using GCP.
You can also review the <<#gcp-agentless,permissions needed for agentless scanning in GCP>>.

[format=csv, options="header"]
|===
https://main\--prisma-cloud-docs-website\--hlxsites.hlx.live/en/compute-edition/assets/compute-feature-wise-permissions?sheet=gcp-used-in-docs-for-22.12
|===

[#gcp-agentless]
==== GCP Agentless Permissions

The following table shows the required permissions for agentless scanning.

[format=csv, options="header"]
|===
https://main\--prisma-cloud-docs-website\--hlxsites.hlx.live/en/compute-edition/assets/compute-feature-wise-permissions?sheet=gcp-agentless-30-03
|===

[#azure]
=== Azure

The following table shows the required permissions needed if you are using Azure.
You can also review the <<#azure-agentless,permissions needed for agentless scanning in Azure>>.

[format=csv, options="header"]
|===
https://main\--prisma-cloud-docs-website\--hlxsites.hlx.live/en/compute-edition/assets/compute-feature-wise-permissions?sheet=azure-used-in-docs-for-22-12
|===

[#azure-agentless]
==== Azure Agentless Permissions

The following table shows the required permissions for agentless scanning.

[format=csv, options="header"]
|===
https://main\--prisma-cloud-docs-website\--hlxsites.hlx.live/en/compute-edition/assets/compute-feature-wise-permissions?sheet=azure-agentless-30-03
|===

ifdef::compute_edition[]

[#min-permission-cloud-discovery]
=== Minimum Permissions for Cloud Discovery

Prisma Cloud needs one set of minimum permissions to discover and itemize all the resources in your account.
After finding those resources, Prisma Cloud typically needs an additional set of permissions to protect them.
Permissions might be needed to retrieve those resources and inspect them for vulnerabilities and compliance issues.

For example, the service account for cloud discovery uses the `ecr:DescribeRepositories` permission to list all ECR repositories in your AWS accounts.
If you find a repository that's not being scanned, and you want to configure Prisma Cloud to scan it, Prisma Cloud needs another service account with deeper permissions that lets it auth with the ECR service and download images from the repository. The permissions needed could be `ecr:GetAuthorizationToken`, `ecr:BatchGetImage`, etc.
Here you find the permissions required for cloud discovery to scan your accounts.
The permissions required to enable protection, for example scanning a repository, are documented in each protection feature respective page.

==== AWS

For AWS, Prisma Cloud requires a service account with following minimum permissions policy:

[source,json]
----
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "PrismaCloudComputeCloudDiscovery",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "ec2:DescribeImages",
                "ec2:DescribeInstances",
                "ec2:DescribeRegions",
                "ec2:DescribeTags",
                "ecr:DescribeRepositories",
                "ecs:DescribeClusters",
                "ecs:ListClusters",
                "ecs:ListContainerInstances",
                "eks:DescribeCluster",
                "eks:ListClusters",
                "lambda:GetFunction",
                "lambda:ListFunctions"
            ],
            "Resource": "*"
        }
    ]
}
----

To learn more about the needed credentials for AWS, go to the xref:../authentication/credentials-store/aws-credentials.adoc[AWS credentials store page].

==== Azure

For Azure, Prisma Cloud requires a role with the following minimum permissions:

[source,json]
----
{
    "permissions": [
        {
            "actions": [
                "Microsoft.ContainerRegistry/registries/read",
                "Microsoft.ContainerRegistry/registries/metadata/read",
                "Microsoft.ContainerService/managedClusters/read",
                "Microsoft.Web/sites/Read",
                "Microsoft.ContainerInstance/containerGroups/read",
                "Microsoft.ContainerInstance/containerGroups/containers/exec",
                "Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines/read",
                "Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachineScaleSets/read",
                "Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachineScaleSets/virtualMachines/read",
                "Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachineScaleSets/virtualMachines/instanceView/read"
            ],
            "notActions": [],
            "dataActions": [],
            "notDataActions": []
        }
    ]
}
----

The `Microsoft.ContainerInstance/containerGroups/containers/exec` checks for whether ACI is defended.

To learn more about the needed credentials for Azure, go to the xref:../authentication/credentials-store/azure-credentials.adoc[Azure credentials store page].

==== Google Cloud

For GCP, Prisma Cloud requires a xref:../authentication/credentials-store/gcp-credentials.adoc[service account with the viewer role].
The basic role `roles/viewer`, however, is very broad with thousands of permissions across all Google Cloud services.

For production environments, use a more tightly scoped service account with the following predefined roles:

Predefined roles:

* Artifact Registry Reader (https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/access-control#roles[`roles/artifactregistry.reader`])
* Storage Object Viewer (`roles/storage.objectViewer`)
* Kubernetes Engine Cluster Viewer (`roles/container.clusterViewer`)
* Cloud Functions Viewer (`roles/cloudfunctions.viewer`)

Also, create custom role with the following permissions, and attach it to your serivce account.

* `compute.instances.list`
* `compute.zones.list`
* `compute.projects.get`
* `cloudfunctions.functions.sourceCodeGet` # Required for serverless function scanning

endif::compute_edition[]

Commit message:

PCSUP Fixes (#478)
* missing toc link

* agentless perms update

* testing

* more testing

* troubleshooting

* test

* test 2

* test

* test 2

* test3

* testing

* test 5

* test 6

* test 7

* test 8

* slack broken image content fix

* connect azure link fix

* testing link

* link fix

* removing fix to avooid merge conflict

* agentless topic back in

* slack broken link report

* added content to compute permissions topics

docs/en/classic/compute-admin-guide/configure/permissions.adoc, after:

[#permissions]
== Permissions by Feature

When you set up Prisma Cloud Compute to secure your cloud workloads, you'll need to ensure you've granted Prisma Cloud the right permissions.
The following tables list the permissions required for each of Compute's protection capabilities.

Review the following sets of permissions to ensure Prisma Cloud has the right permissions.

* The needed for each cloud service provider:

** <<#aws,AWS required permissions>>
** <<#azure,Azure required permissions>>
** <<#gcp,GCP required permissions>>

* The permissions needed for agentless scanning in each cloud service provider:

** <<#aws-agentless,AWS required permission for agentless scanning>>
** <<#azure-agentless,Azure required permission for agentless scanning>>
** <<#gcp-agentless,GCP required permission for agentless scanning>>

[#aws]
=== AWS

The following table shows the required permissions needed if you are using AWS.
You can also review the <<#aws-agentless,permissions needed for agentless scanning in AWS>>.

[format=csv, options="header"]
|===
https://main\--prisma-cloud-docs-website\--hlxsites.hlx.live/en/compute-edition/assets/compute-feature-wise-permissions?sheet=aws-used-in-docs-for-22.12
|===

[#aws-agentless]
==== AWS Agentless Permissions

The following table shows the required permissions, conditions, and resources for agentless scanning.

Go to the https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/EBSEncryption.html#ebs-encryption-requirements[AWS documentation for the official list of permissions needed to support EBS encryption].

[format=csv, options="header"]
|===
https://main\--prisma-cloud-docs-website\--hlxsites.hlx.live/en/compute-edition/assets/compute-feature-wise-permissions?sheet=aws-agentless-30-03
|===

[#gcp]
=== GCP

The following table shows the required permissions needed if you are using GCP.
You can also review the <<#gcp-agentless,permissions needed for agentless scanning in GCP>>.

[format=csv, options="header"]
|===
https://main\--prisma-cloud-docs-website\--hlxsites.hlx.live/en/compute-edition/assets/compute-feature-wise-permissions?sheet=gcp-used-in-docs-for-22.12
|===

[#gcp-agentless]
==== GCP Agentless Permissions

The following table shows the required permissions for agentless scanning.

[format=csv, options="header"]
|===
https://main\--prisma-cloud-docs-website\--hlxsites.hlx.live/en/compute-edition/assets/compute-feature-wise-permissions?sheet=gcp-agentless-30-03
|===

[#azure]
=== Azure

The following table shows the required permissions needed if you are using Azure.
You can also review the <<#azure-agentless,permissions needed for agentless scanning in Azure>>.

[format=csv, options="header"]
|===
https://main\--prisma-cloud-docs-website\--hlxsites.hlx.live/en/compute-edition/assets/compute-feature-wise-permissions?sheet=azure-used-in-docs-for-22-12
|===

[#azure-agentless]
==== Azure Agentless Permissions

The following table shows the required permissions for agentless scanning.

[format=csv, options="header"]
|===
https://main\--prisma-cloud-docs-website\--hlxsites.hlx.live/en/compute-edition/assets/compute-feature-wise-permissions?sheet=azure-agentless-30-03
|===

==== Agentless Scanning Resource Group Permissions

Azure Agentless Scanning permissions listed in the table below are scoped under the resource group `PCC_agentless_resource_group` instead of the Root Management group, for both Azure Tenant and Subscription onboarding. The tenant onboarding Terraform template creates `PCC_agentless_resource_group` under the subscriptions in the tenant, if not already present with the `prisma-agentless-scan tag`, and scopes these permissions under that resource group. 

In addition, you can also add custom tags to the `PCC_agentless_resource_group`, by running the Terraform with `PCC_agentless_resource_group_tags` as shown below:

----
`terraform apply -var="PCC_agentless_resource_group_tags=key1=value1 key2=value2"`
----

[format=csv, options="header"]
|===
https://main\--prisma-cloud-docs-website\--hlxsites.hlx.live/en/compute-edition/assets/compute-feature-wise-permissions?sheet=azure-agentless-resource-permissions-30-04
|===

[#min-permission-cloud-discovery]
=== Minimum Permissions for Cloud Discovery

Prisma Cloud needs one set of minimum permissions to discover and itemize all the resources in your account.
After finding those resources, Prisma Cloud typically needs an additional set of permissions to protect them.
Permissions might be needed to retrieve those resources and inspect them for vulnerabilities and compliance issues.

For example, the service account for cloud discovery uses the `ecr:DescribeRepositories` permission to list all ECR repositories in your AWS accounts.
If you find a repository that's not being scanned, and you want to configure Prisma Cloud to scan it, Prisma Cloud needs another service account with deeper permissions that lets it auth with the ECR service and download images from the repository. The permissions needed could be `ecr:GetAuthorizationToken`, `ecr:BatchGetImage`, etc.
Here you find the permissions required for cloud discovery to scan your accounts.
The permissions required to enable protection, for example scanning a repository, are documented in each protection feature respective page.

==== AWS

For AWS, Prisma Cloud requires a service account with following minimum permissions policy:

[source,json]
----
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "PrismaCloudComputeCloudDiscovery",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "ec2:DescribeImages",
                "ec2:DescribeInstances",
                "ec2:DescribeRegions",
                "ec2:DescribeTags",
                "ecr:DescribeRepositories",
                "ecs:DescribeClusters",
                "ecs:ListClusters",
                "ecs:ListContainerInstances",
                "eks:DescribeCluster",
                "eks:ListClusters",
                "lambda:GetFunction",
                "lambda:ListFunctions"
            ],
            "Resource": "*"
        }
    ]
}
----

To learn more about the needed credentials for AWS, go to the xref:../authentication/credentials-store/aws-credentials.adoc[AWS credentials store page].

==== Azure

For Azure, Prisma Cloud requires a role with the following minimum permissions:

[source,json]
----
{
    "permissions": [
        {
            "actions": [
                "Microsoft.ContainerRegistry/registries/read",
                "Microsoft.ContainerRegistry/registries/metadata/read",
                "Microsoft.ContainerService/managedClusters/read",
                "Microsoft.Web/sites/Read",
                "Microsoft.ContainerInstance/containerGroups/read",
                "Microsoft.ContainerInstance/containerGroups/containers/exec",
                "Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines/read",
                "Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachineScaleSets/read",
                "Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachineScaleSets/virtualMachines/read",
                "Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachineScaleSets/virtualMachines/instanceView/read"
            ],
            "notActions": [],
            "dataActions": [],
            "notDataActions": []
        }
    ]
}
----

The `Microsoft.ContainerInstance/containerGroups/containers/exec` checks for whether ACI is defended.

To learn more about the needed credentials for Azure, go to the xref:../authentication/credentials-store/azure-credentials.adoc[Azure credentials store page].

==== Google Cloud

For GCP, Prisma Cloud requires a xref:../authentication/credentials-store/gcp-credentials.adoc[service account with the viewer role].
The basic role `roles/viewer`, however, is very broad with thousands of permissions across all Google Cloud services.

For production environments, use a more tightly scoped service account with the following predefined roles:

Predefined roles:

* Artifact Registry Reader (https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/access-control#roles[`roles/artifactregistry.reader`])
* Storage Object Viewer (`roles/storage.objectViewer`)
* Kubernetes Engine Cluster Viewer (`roles/container.clusterViewer`)
* Cloud Functions Viewer (`roles/cloudfunctions.viewer`)

Also, create custom role with the following permissions, and attach it to your serivce account.

* `compute.instances.list`
* `compute.zones.list`
* `compute.projects.get`
* `cloudfunctions.functions.sourceCodeGet` # Required for serverless function scanning
