docs/en/enterprise-edition/rn/known-issues/known-issues-on-pc.adoc, before:

== Known Issues on Prisma Cloud

The following table lists the known and addressed issues on Prisma Cloud for the Platform, Compute Enterprise Edition, and Application Security capabilities.

[NOTE]
====
The list of addressed issues are not cumulative; only the issues that are fixed with the last published release are included here.
====

* <<fixed-issues>>
* <<known-issues>>


[#fixed-issues]
=== Fixed Issues

[cols="23%a,77%a"]
|===
|*ISSUE ID*
|*DESCRIPTION*

|tt:[Fixed in 31.00.129] *Fixed Harbor support*
|Fixed an issue limiting the support of Prisma Cloud Compute as a pluggable scanner in Harbor.
The support is now extended to instances where the Defenders operate in a CRI environment.

|tt:[Fixed in 31.00.129] *Fixed Missing version detection in JAR packages*
|Fixed an issue that caused missing version detection for jar packages when the version name included a date, for example, 20171018.

|tt:[Fixed in 31.00.129] *Agentless Scanning for Azure - Fixed error in onboarded Azure government accounts*
|Fixed an issue preventing agentless scanning of onboarded Azure government accounts

|tt:[Fixed in 31.00.129] *Agentless Scanning - Fixed being unable to scan containers when failing to list one container's details*
|Fixed an issue caused when listing container details of containers on hosts using Docker as the CRI. The issue led to agentless scanning not discovering containers on the specified host.
The fix improves the scan process tolerance to errors during the retrieval of containers metadata.

|tt:[Fixed in 31.00.129] *Agentless Scanning - Fixed missing OS labels of hosts scanned using agentless scanning*
|Added missing OS labels, both `osDistro` and `osVersion`, to hosts scanned by agentless scanning.

|tt:[Fixed in 31.00.129] *Inconsistent reporting of AKS cluster names and type*
|Fixed an issue where AKS cluster names were not properly processed and the cluster was incorrectly classified as a generic Kubernetes cluster instead of an AKS cluster.
Now, the cluster names and their type are  properly parsed as AKS clusters.

//CWP-49610
|tt:[Fixed in 30.03.122]
|Due to a bug in Azure API, disks created by the agentless scanning process could potentially remain dangling (unattached). These disks are created with https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/delete?tabs=portal2%2Ccli3%2Cportal4%2Cportal5[Delete with VM] option which should ensure that they are deleted once the scanner VM has terminated.

Due to a bug in Azure API, the disks cleanup is not always guaranteed which leaves some disks under the `PCCAgentlessScanResourceGroup` as unattached.

This fix explicitly deletes any dangling disks after scanner instance termination as part of the cleanup phase at the end of the agentless scan cycle, thus ensuring no resources are left unattached.

//CWP-45391
|tt:[Fixed in 30.02.123]
|Fixed incorrect "Fix status" of the CVEs that originated from National Vulnerability Database (NVD). With this update, the "Fix status" for such CVEs remains empty when there is no fix available in the NVD, instead of calculating a wrong fix status.

//CWP-47729
|tt:[Fixed in 30.02.123]
|Fixed an issue with the Defenders and agentless scans detecting an incorrect Kubernetes version.
The Kubernetes version in the scan results on Prisma Console now matches the Kubernetes version that is installed on the host.

//CWP-45046
|tt:[Fixed in 30.02.123]
|Fixed a certificate error during the serverless scan in GCP when TLS proxy is enabled.
This was addressed by adding support for global proxy in GCP client.

//CWP-48075
|tt:[Fixed in 30.01.152]
|Addressed an issue that caused the Console to be unresponsive when a database restore was unsuccessful. With this fix, when the database restore fails, Console reverts the changes and falls back to the database state before the restore was initiated.

//CWP-27668
|tt:[Fixed in 30.01.152]
|Fixed incorrect CVE matching to the base layer for the binaries installed without a package manager.
There are differences in the results between an image created by Dockerfile and an image pulled by the registry. The vulnerabilities scan results attribute correctly to the base layer for the images built from a Dockerfile.

//GH#31220
|tt:[Fixed in 30.00.140]
|False "Passed" result caused when both alert threshold and failure threshold are off, with exceptions for specific CVEs. 
With this fix, exceptions set to fail now fail as expected, even when the thresholds are off.

//CWP-45454
|tt:[Fixed in 30.00.140]
|App-embedded Defender scan results display the removed or disconnected instances of the images.

//CWP-42650
|tt:[Fixed in 30.00.140]
|Missing Vulnerabilities of JARs on non-Maven Packages.

//CWP-42922
|tt:[Fixed in 30.00.140]

|Missing paths for Ruby packages in the scan results. 
With this fix, the package path in *Monitor > Vulnerabilities/Compliance > Images* helps you identify where the package is installed in your environment.

//CWP-46429
|tt:[Fixed in 30.00.140]
|Missing Vulnerabilities for Oracle Linux.

|*PCSUP-9241*  tt:[Fixed in 30.00.140]
// #39394
|For the AWS US Gov region, alerts are not forwarded successfully to the AWS Security Hub integration.
With this fix, the correct AWS product ARN for US and China regions are used.

|—
//CWP-40710
|Added missing value for `AccountIDs` macros in the vulnerabilities and compliance Webhook alert payloads sent to the alert notification providers.

|—
//CWP-50923
|Fixed an issue where AKS cluster names were not properly processed and the cluster was incorrectly classified as a generic Kubernetes cluster instead of an AKS cluster.

Now, the cluster names and their type are  properly parsed as AKS clusters.


|===


[#known-issues]
=== Known Issues

[cols="23%a,77%a"]
|===
|*ISSUE ID*
|*DESCRIPTION*

|*RLP-104295*
//Added in 23.7.2. 
|Prisma Cloud has fully adopted Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL) for monitoring Azure instances. However, in very rare cases, you might come across log entries for calls from Prisma Cloud to Active Directory Authentication Library (ADAL) endpoints. These entries can be disregarded. A fix will be implemented to resolve these erroneous entries.


|*RLP-90184*
//Raised in 23.2.1

|The behavior of filters on the *Alerts Overview* page is slightly different from that on the *Asset Inventory* and *Asset Explorer* pages. On the *Alerts Overview* page when you select the userinput:[Asset Class], userinput:[Resource Type], and userinput:[Service Name] filters, the alerts displayed are a combination of those three selected filters. Whereas on the *Asset Inventory* and *Asset Explorer* pages, the preference is given to userinput:[Resource Type] over userinput:[Service Name] when both those filters are selected due to which the assets for which alerts are displayed on the *Asset Inventory* and *Asset Explorer* pages do not match those displayed on the *Alerts Overview* page.


|*RLP-78777*
//Blurb shared by Arun

|The AWS Global Accelerator service returns an Access Denied error with the error assumed-role/PrismaCloudReadOnlyRole/redlock is not authorized to perform: iam:CreateServiceLinkedRole on resource. The issue occurs because the userinput:[aws-global-accelerator-accelerator] API requires you to enable the service-linked IAM role to ingest metadata. To resolve the error, add the role to include the required permissions.

*Workaround*: If you do not want to enable the service-linked role, create a support ticket with Palo Alto Networks Technical Support to disable the AWS Global Accelerator service API.


|*RLP-73807*
|In Unified Asset Inventory, Compute alerts are not displayed in the Resource Explorer audit trail.


|*RLP-72605*
|The list of alert counts that correspond to a policy are inaccurate when you select more than one alert rule name. This issue is seen on:

* The *Alerts > Overview*, when you select multiple Alert Rule Names in the filter, the results for the number of alerts that correspond to a policy is not accurate. The Alert Rule Filter works as expected when you select only one Alert Rule Name.

* When you use the userinput:[POST/alerts/policy] API, make sure to include only one Alert Rule Name for the userinput:[filters] attribute in the request body schema.


|*RLP-75376*
|*PCDS Azure only—* If you have enabled public access from selected IP addresses on storage account with Prisma Cloud NAT IPs and Azure outbound IPs added to the allow list, ingestion fails with 403 error (permission denied).


|*RLP-65612*
|*PCDS Azure only—* The *Inventory* page may display 400 error if data is not available.


|*RLP-65602*
|*PCDS Azure only—* During onboarding when you enter the *Client ID* and *Secret*, if the Secret exceeds the specified length, a bad request error displays.


|*RLP-68751*
|In Unified Asset Inventory, only System Administrators can view the Compute assets and not other users. Compute alerts will not be accessible on Alerts pages for all users except System Administrators.


|*RLP-65286*
//PCSUP-8439
|When integrating Prisma Cloud with Jira, if the Jira userinput:[issueType] field uses space as a separator between the words, such as userinput:[Service Request] or userinput:[New Feature] , a 500 Internal Server error occurs while configuring Typeahead fields such as Reporter or Assignee, in a Notification Template. You will be unable to create a Notification Template for Jira with the Typeahead fields.

*Workaround*: Rename the field to remove the space or add an underscore. For example, userinput:[ServiceRequest] or userinput:[New_Feature]. You can then add Typeahead fields in a Notification Template.


|*RLP-65216*
//RLP-70084, PCSUP-8587
|If you have configured multiple flow logs for a VPC and if any of the flow logs are incorrectly configured, the flow log status on Prisma Cloud is reported as a warning (Amber). This status does not impact ingestion for all the correctly configured flow logs.


|*RLP-62558*
//Raised in 23.1.2
|The resource name displayed on the Alerts L2 page does not match the name displayed for the same resource on the Asset Explorer page.


|*RLP-60005*
|Prisma Cloud may not process some of the delete bucket events, due to which the buckets that you have deleted in the AWS console will be visible in the Prisma Cloud *Inventory* page.


//*RLP-59655* - Removing per confirmation from Shital Katkar
//Prisma Cloud supports user attribution, but there may be some delay when generating user attribution for an alert, even when menu:Settings[Enterprise Settings > Alerts User Attribution] is enabled.


//*RLP-58180* - Removing this as a Known Issue per the ticket, marked as fixed.
//Added for PCSUP-7729 in 22.2.1.
//On menu:Inventory[Assets], OKE clusters (Oracle Kubernetes Engine) deployed in Santiago region do not display. You can view resources for other https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-admin/connect-your-cloud-platform-to-prisma-cloud/cloud-service-provider-regions-on-prisma-cloud.html[supported regions].


//*RLP-57331* - Removing this as a Known Issue per the ticket.
//The *Compute* tab displays with a provisioning message for Business Edition license on the Prisma Cloud administrative console. The Compute tab should not display for the Business Edition license.


//*RLP-55763* - Removing this as a Known Issue per the ticket.
//This fix may trigger alerts to be opened or closed as applicable.


|*RLP-55036*
|When changing the *Maximum time before access keys expire* value for access keys, it may take up to 15 minutes for the updates to take effect.


//*RLP-53374*
//PCSUP-6358 - Removed per confirmation from Santosh Kadli
//On occasion, alerts generated against Network Policies can be less accurate when the policy includes the RQL attribute *dest.resource IN (resource where role*.

//In these cases, a policy match occurs because the resource such as a web server, ELB, or NAT Gateway either may not have been classified by the engine yet or the classification is no longer applicable when flow logs are analyzed to detect a violation. In such instances, you have to triage and close the alert manually.


|*RLP-40248*
//Open to review of this text.
|When you create an alert rule and specify target resource tags, Prisma Cloud processes only a single resource tag key/value pair properly. Proper processing of multiple resource tags or resource tags with multiple values is not guaranteed. This behavior exists whether you create the alert rule through the Prisma Cloud console or through the CSPM API.


|*RLP-27427* 
|*Applies to Prisma Cloud Data Security only*

Malware report is not available in PDF format.


|*RLP-25117*
//marked as moving too v2 since it's not a must fix
|*Applies to Prisma Cloud Data Security only*
The Dashboard displays an error when you select an account group that does not contain any accounts.


|*RLP-19480*
|The Business Unit Report does not support multi-byte characters used in languages such as Japanese.


|*RLP-19470*
|The Business Unit Report csv file lists all enabled policies even when there are no open alerts, because there are no resources to scan.


|*RLP-14469*
//Marked as won't fix.
|When you enable Dataflow compression for a cloud account, the subnetwork creation status may display a failure message on the onboarding status page. This error displays because the time threshold to create the subnetwork and report completion exceeds the response time threshold on Prisma Cloud.

*Workaround—* Click to the previous page and click next to load the status page again.


|*RLP-13485*
|If you have the maximum number of VPCs (5) already created in the project and you then enable flowlog compression, the onboarding fails because Prisma Cloud is unable to add the network needed to enable Dataflow compression. When this happens the remediation steps in the message that displays is incorrect.


|*RLP-9723* 
|The integration status check for Jira displays as yellow instead of red even if the integration is misconfigured.


|*—* 
// *July 2018*
|Dashboard widgets don't load for a large data set where the time window is also large.


|*—* 
|The userinput:[aws-ecs-describe-task-definition] and userinput:[aws-emr-describe-cluster] APIs now run once every 24 hours to generate alerts. If you have cloud accounts with a significant amount of ECS/EMR resources, the resource status is updated once a day.


|*—* 
//PCSUP-13188
|The configuration build policies are displayed even if you have not enabled Code Security module.


|*—*
//PCSUP-13468
|Currently when you edit default policies in the Code Security module, the policy is duplicated with the updated metadata. Both the unedited policy and the edited policy are then visible on *Projects* when the *Status- Suppressed* (for the original policy) and *Errors* (for the edited policy) are enabled.



|*—*
//PCSUP-6369, 7878. Need to track this and mark it as fixed.

|AWS CloudTrail in the Osaka region (ap-northeast-3) do not display on the Prisma Cloud administrative console.

This issue requires a fix on AWS. When fixed on AWS, the issue will be automatically resolved on Prisma Cloud.


|*PCSUP-11309*
//added Kepler Update 2
|The userinput:[--tarball] option in twistcli does not scan for compliance checks. Currently, only vulnerabilities are detected successfully.

|*—* 
// #22837
|Windows hosts running Defender are reported as unprotected. This issue occurs when Defender is installed on Windows hosts in AWS and Cloud Discovery is configured to scan your environment for protected hosts.


|*—* 
//25757
|If you have the same custom compliance rule in use in a host policy (effect: alert) and a container policy (effect: block), the rules will enforce your policy (as expected), but the audit message for a blocked container will incorrectly refer to the host policy and host rule name.


|*—* 
// #35634/35308
|On the menu:Radar[Containers], K3s clusters are not displayed when a Defender is deployed with an empty cluster name. You can view the containers within these clusters under *Non-cluster containers*.

|*—* 
// GH#42826
|A `404 Not Found error` is displayed when performing a sandbox image analysis using older version of twistcli, such as v22.06, with the 22.12 console.

|*PCSUP-12197*
// CWP-41449
|For an application that originates from an OS package, the vulnerability data for CVEs is sourced from the relevant feed for the OS package. In some cases, like with Amazon Linux and Photon OS, this CVE information is provided in security advisories such as Amazon Linux Security Advisories (ALAS) for Amazon, and PHSA for Photon. In such cases, the correlation for the relevant vulnerabilities is limited.

As an example, when the application “python” is sourced from an Amazon Python package, CVEs found for the python application (as a binary) will not be correlated with the relevant Amazon CVEs from the ALAS.

//GH#42826
|*-*
|A `404 Not Found error` is displayed when performing a sandbox image analysis using older version of twistcli, such as v22.06, with the 22.12 console.

//CWP-39278
|*-*
|Compliance check 6361 fails for hosts running RedHat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 9.
The check to ensure the `iptables` package is installed fails because `iptables` was deprecated in RHEL 9 and replaced with the `nftables` package.

//CWP-45194 - this will be fixed in 22.12.xxx Lagrange Update 3
|*-*  
|The https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-admincompute/waas/waas_api_discovery#_inspect_discovered_endpoints[API endpoints discovered] on App-embedded deployments are missing workload values and show zero vulnerabilities, although the protected workload has vulnerabilities.

|===

Commit message:

Update Darwin content - 231007
Update release notes.

docs/en/enterprise-edition/rn/known-issues/known-issues-on-pc.adoc, after:

== Known Issues on Prisma Cloud

The following table lists the known and addressed issues on Prisma Cloud for the Platform, Compute Enterprise Edition, and Application Security capabilities.

[NOTE]
====
The list of addressed issues are not cumulative; only the issues that are fixed with the last published release are included here.
====

* <<fixed-issues>>
* <<known-issues>>


[#fixed-issues]
=== Fixed Issues

[cols="23%a,77%a"]
|===
|*ISSUE ID*
|*DESCRIPTION*

|tt:[Fixed in 31.00.129] *Fixed Harbor support*
|Fixed an issue limiting the support of Prisma Cloud Compute as a pluggable scanner in Harbor.
The support is now extended to instances where the Defenders operate in a CRI environment.

|tt:[Fixed in 31.00.129] *Fixed Missing version detection in JAR packages*
|Fixed an issue that caused missing version detection for jar packages when the version name included a date, for example, 20171018.

|tt:[Fixed in 31.00.129] *Agentless Scanning for Azure - Fixed error in onboarded Azure government accounts*
|Fixed an issue preventing agentless scanning of onboarded Azure government accounts

|tt:[Fixed in 31.00.129] *Agentless Scanning - Fixed being unable to scan containers when failing to list one container's details*
|Fixed an issue caused when listing container details of containers on hosts using Docker as the CRI. The issue led to agentless scanning not discovering containers on the specified host.
The fix improves the scan process tolerance to errors during the retrieval of containers metadata.

|tt:[Fixed in 31.00.129] *Agentless Scanning - Fixed missing OS labels of hosts scanned using agentless scanning*
|Added missing OS labels, both `osDistro` and `osVersion`, to hosts scanned by agentless scanning.

|tt:[Fixed in 31.00.129] *Inconsistent reporting of AKS cluster names and type*
|Fixed an issue where AKS cluster names were not properly processed and the cluster was incorrectly classified as a generic Kubernetes cluster instead of an AKS cluster.
Now, the cluster names and their type are  properly parsed as AKS clusters.

//CWP-49610
|tt:[Fixed in 30.03.122]
|Due to a bug in Azure API, disks created by the agentless scanning process could potentially remain dangling (unattached). These disks are created with https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/delete?tabs=portal2%2Ccli3%2Cportal4%2Cportal5[Delete with VM] option which should ensure that they are deleted once the scanner VM has terminated.

Due to a bug in Azure API, the disks cleanup is not always guaranteed which leaves some disks under the `PCCAgentlessScanResourceGroup` as unattached.

This fix explicitly deletes any dangling disks after scanner instance termination as part of the cleanup phase at the end of the agentless scan cycle, thus ensuring no resources are left unattached.

//CWP-45391
|tt:[Fixed in 30.02.123]
|Fixed incorrect "Fix status" of the CVEs that originated from National Vulnerability Database (NVD). With this update, the "Fix status" for such CVEs remains empty when there is no fix available in the NVD, instead of calculating a wrong fix status.

//CWP-47729
|tt:[Fixed in 30.02.123]
|Fixed an issue with the Defenders and agentless scans detecting an incorrect Kubernetes version.
The Kubernetes version in the scan results on Prisma Console now matches the Kubernetes version that is installed on the host.

//CWP-45046
|tt:[Fixed in 30.02.123]
|Fixed a certificate error during the serverless scan in GCP when TLS proxy is enabled.
This was addressed by adding support for global proxy in GCP client.

//CWP-48075
|tt:[Fixed in 30.01.152]
|Addressed an issue that caused the Console to be unresponsive when a database restore was unsuccessful. With this fix, when the database restore fails, Console reverts the changes and falls back to the database state before the restore was initiated.

//CWP-27668
|tt:[Fixed in 30.01.152]
|Fixed incorrect CVE matching to the base layer for the binaries installed without a package manager.
There are differences in the results between an image created by Dockerfile and an image pulled by the registry. The vulnerabilities scan results attribute correctly to the base layer for the images built from a Dockerfile.

//GH#31220
|tt:[Fixed in 30.00.140]
|False "Passed" result caused when both alert threshold and failure threshold are off, with exceptions for specific CVEs. 
With this fix, exceptions set to fail now fail as expected, even when the thresholds are off.

//CWP-45454
|tt:[Fixed in 30.00.140]
|App-embedded Defender scan results display the removed or disconnected instances of the images.

//CWP-42650
|tt:[Fixed in 30.00.140]
|Missing Vulnerabilities of JARs on non-Maven Packages.

//CWP-42922
|tt:[Fixed in 30.00.140]

|Missing paths for Ruby packages in the scan results. 
With this fix, the package path in *Monitor > Vulnerabilities/Compliance > Images* helps you identify where the package is installed in your environment.

//CWP-46429
|tt:[Fixed in 30.00.140]
|Missing Vulnerabilities for Oracle Linux.

|*PCSUP-9241*  tt:[Fixed in 30.00.140]
// #39394
|For the AWS US Gov region, alerts are not forwarded successfully to the AWS Security Hub integration.
With this fix, the correct AWS product ARN for US and China regions are used.

|—
//CWP-40710
|Added missing value for `AccountIDs` macros in the vulnerabilities and compliance Webhook alert payloads sent to the alert notification providers.

|—
//CWP-50923
|Fixed an issue where AKS cluster names were not properly processed and the cluster was incorrectly classified as a generic Kubernetes cluster instead of an AKS cluster.

Now, the cluster names and their type are  properly parsed as AKS clusters.

//CWP-51616
|-
|Fixed the connection issue whereby Prisma Cloud failed to retrieve image details for Docker registries and displayed `HTTP 429` errors when scanning more than one Docker registry at a time.

//CWP-50609

//CWP-51942
|-
|Fixed the API rate limit for the following `GET` requests:

/api/v31.01/containers
/api/v31.01/hosts
/api/v31.01/images

With this fix, the API rate limit is set back to 30 requests in 30 seconds.

//CWP-51415
|-
|Fixed an issue that did not trigger  non-compliance alerts on K8S cluster with RHEL as NodeOS. We fixed this issue by adding support for K8S cluster on RHEL as NodeOS.



|===


[#known-issues]
=== Known Issues

[cols="23%a,77%a"]
|===
|*ISSUE ID*
|*DESCRIPTION*

|*RLP-104295*
//Added in 23.7.2. 
|Prisma Cloud has fully adopted Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL) for monitoring Azure instances. However, in very rare cases, you might come across log entries for calls from Prisma Cloud to Active Directory Authentication Library (ADAL) endpoints. These entries can be disregarded. A fix will be implemented to resolve these erroneous entries.


|*RLP-90184*
//Raised in 23.2.1

|The behavior of filters on the *Alerts Overview* page is slightly different from that on the *Asset Inventory* and *Asset Explorer* pages. On the *Alerts Overview* page when you select the userinput:[Asset Class], userinput:[Resource Type], and userinput:[Service Name] filters, the alerts displayed are a combination of those three selected filters. Whereas on the *Asset Inventory* and *Asset Explorer* pages, the preference is given to userinput:[Resource Type] over userinput:[Service Name] when both those filters are selected due to which the assets for which alerts are displayed on the *Asset Inventory* and *Asset Explorer* pages do not match those displayed on the *Alerts Overview* page.


|*RLP-78777*
//Blurb shared by Arun

|The AWS Global Accelerator service returns an Access Denied error with the error assumed-role/PrismaCloudReadOnlyRole/redlock is not authorized to perform: iam:CreateServiceLinkedRole on resource. The issue occurs because the userinput:[aws-global-accelerator-accelerator] API requires you to enable the service-linked IAM role to ingest metadata. To resolve the error, add the role to include the required permissions.

*Workaround*: If you do not want to enable the service-linked role, create a support ticket with Palo Alto Networks Technical Support to disable the AWS Global Accelerator service API.


|*RLP-73807*
|In Unified Asset Inventory, Compute alerts are not displayed in the Resource Explorer audit trail.


|*RLP-72605*
|The list of alert counts that correspond to a policy are inaccurate when you select more than one alert rule name. This issue is seen on:

* The *Alerts > Overview*, when you select multiple Alert Rule Names in the filter, the results for the number of alerts that correspond to a policy is not accurate. The Alert Rule Filter works as expected when you select only one Alert Rule Name.

* When you use the userinput:[POST/alerts/policy] API, make sure to include only one Alert Rule Name for the userinput:[filters] attribute in the request body schema.


|*RLP-75376*
|*PCDS Azure only—* If you have enabled public access from selected IP addresses on storage account with Prisma Cloud NAT IPs and Azure outbound IPs added to the allow list, ingestion fails with 403 error (permission denied).


|*RLP-65612*
|*PCDS Azure only—* The *Inventory* page may display 400 error if data is not available.


|*RLP-65602*
|*PCDS Azure only—* During onboarding when you enter the *Client ID* and *Secret*, if the Secret exceeds the specified length, a bad request error displays.


|*RLP-68751*
|In Unified Asset Inventory, only System Administrators can view the Compute assets and not other users. Compute alerts will not be accessible on Alerts pages for all users except System Administrators.


|*RLP-65286*
//PCSUP-8439
|When integrating Prisma Cloud with Jira, if the Jira userinput:[issueType] field uses space as a separator between the words, such as userinput:[Service Request] or userinput:[New Feature] , a 500 Internal Server error occurs while configuring Typeahead fields such as Reporter or Assignee, in a Notification Template. You will be unable to create a Notification Template for Jira with the Typeahead fields.

*Workaround*: Rename the field to remove the space or add an underscore. For example, userinput:[ServiceRequest] or userinput:[New_Feature]. You can then add Typeahead fields in a Notification Template.


|*RLP-65216*
//RLP-70084, PCSUP-8587
|If you have configured multiple flow logs for a VPC and if any of the flow logs are incorrectly configured, the flow log status on Prisma Cloud is reported as a warning (Amber). This status does not impact ingestion for all the correctly configured flow logs.


|*RLP-62558*
//Raised in 23.1.2
|The resource name displayed on the Alerts L2 page does not match the name displayed for the same resource on the Asset Explorer page.


|*RLP-60005*
|Prisma Cloud may not process some of the delete bucket events, due to which the buckets that you have deleted in the AWS console will be visible in the Prisma Cloud *Inventory* page.


//*RLP-59655* - Removing per confirmation from Shital Katkar
//Prisma Cloud supports user attribution, but there may be some delay when generating user attribution for an alert, even when menu:Settings[Enterprise Settings > Alerts User Attribution] is enabled.


//*RLP-58180* - Removing this as a Known Issue per the ticket, marked as fixed.
//Added for PCSUP-7729 in 22.2.1.
//On menu:Inventory[Assets], OKE clusters (Oracle Kubernetes Engine) deployed in Santiago region do not display. You can view resources for other https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-admin/connect-your-cloud-platform-to-prisma-cloud/cloud-service-provider-regions-on-prisma-cloud.html[supported regions].


//*RLP-57331* - Removing this as a Known Issue per the ticket.
//The *Compute* tab displays with a provisioning message for Business Edition license on the Prisma Cloud administrative console. The Compute tab should not display for the Business Edition license.


//*RLP-55763* - Removing this as a Known Issue per the ticket.
//This fix may trigger alerts to be opened or closed as applicable.


|*RLP-55036*
|When changing the *Maximum time before access keys expire* value for access keys, it may take up to 15 minutes for the updates to take effect.


//*RLP-53374*
//PCSUP-6358 - Removed per confirmation from Santosh Kadli
//On occasion, alerts generated against Network Policies can be less accurate when the policy includes the RQL attribute *dest.resource IN (resource where role*.

//In these cases, a policy match occurs because the resource such as a web server, ELB, or NAT Gateway either may not have been classified by the engine yet or the classification is no longer applicable when flow logs are analyzed to detect a violation. In such instances, you have to triage and close the alert manually.


|*RLP-40248*
//Open to review of this text.
|When you create an alert rule and specify target resource tags, Prisma Cloud processes only a single resource tag key/value pair properly. Proper processing of multiple resource tags or resource tags with multiple values is not guaranteed. This behavior exists whether you create the alert rule through the Prisma Cloud console or through the CSPM API.


|*RLP-27427* 
|*Applies to Prisma Cloud Data Security only*

Malware report is not available in PDF format.


|*RLP-25117*
//marked as moving too v2 since it's not a must fix
|*Applies to Prisma Cloud Data Security only*
The Dashboard displays an error when you select an account group that does not contain any accounts.


|*RLP-19480*
|The Business Unit Report does not support multi-byte characters used in languages such as Japanese.


|*RLP-19470*
|The Business Unit Report csv file lists all enabled policies even when there are no open alerts, because there are no resources to scan.


|*RLP-14469*
//Marked as won't fix.
|When you enable Dataflow compression for a cloud account, the subnetwork creation status may display a failure message on the onboarding status page. This error displays because the time threshold to create the subnetwork and report completion exceeds the response time threshold on Prisma Cloud.

*Workaround—* Click to the previous page and click next to load the status page again.


|*RLP-13485*
|If you have the maximum number of VPCs (5) already created in the project and you then enable flowlog compression, the onboarding fails because Prisma Cloud is unable to add the network needed to enable Dataflow compression. When this happens the remediation steps in the message that displays is incorrect.


|*RLP-9723* 
|The integration status check for Jira displays as yellow instead of red even if the integration is misconfigured.


|*—* 
// *July 2018*
|Dashboard widgets don't load for a large data set where the time window is also large.


|*—* 
|The userinput:[aws-ecs-describe-task-definition] and userinput:[aws-emr-describe-cluster] APIs now run once every 24 hours to generate alerts. If you have cloud accounts with a significant amount of ECS/EMR resources, the resource status is updated once a day.


|*—* 
//PCSUP-13188
|The configuration build policies are displayed even if you have not enabled Code Security module.


|*—*
//PCSUP-13468
|Currently when you edit default policies in the Code Security module, the policy is duplicated with the updated metadata. Both the unedited policy and the edited policy are then visible on *Projects* when the *Status- Suppressed* (for the original policy) and *Errors* (for the edited policy) are enabled.



|*—*
//PCSUP-6369, 7878. Need to track this and mark it as fixed.

|AWS CloudTrail in the Osaka region (ap-northeast-3) do not display on the Prisma Cloud administrative console.

This issue requires a fix on AWS. When fixed on AWS, the issue will be automatically resolved on Prisma Cloud.

|*PCSUP-11309*
//added Kepler Update 2
|The userinput:[--tarball] option in twistcli does not scan for compliance checks. Currently, only vulnerabilities are detected successfully.

|*—* 
// #22837
|Windows hosts running Defender are reported as unprotected. This issue occurs when Defender is installed on Windows hosts in AWS and Cloud Discovery is configured to scan your environment for protected hosts.


|*—* 
//25757
|If you have the same custom compliance rule in use in a host policy (effect: alert) and a container policy (effect: block), the rules will enforce your policy (as expected), but the audit message for a blocked container will incorrectly refer to the host policy and host rule name.


|*—* 
// #35634/35308
|On the menu:Radar[Containers], K3s clusters are not displayed when a Defender is deployed with an empty cluster name. You can view the containers within these clusters under *Non-cluster containers*.

|*—* 
// GH#42826
|A `404 Not Found error` is displayed when performing a sandbox image analysis using older version of twistcli, such as v22.06, with the 22.12 console.

|*PCSUP-12197*
// CWP-41449
|For an application that originates from an OS package, the vulnerability data for CVEs is sourced from the relevant feed for the OS package. In some cases, like with Amazon Linux and Photon OS, this CVE information is provided in security advisories such as Amazon Linux Security Advisories (ALAS) for Amazon, and PHSA for Photon. In such cases, the correlation for the relevant vulnerabilities is limited.

As an example, when the application “python” is sourced from an Amazon Python package, CVEs found for the python application (as a binary) will not be correlated with the relevant Amazon CVEs from the ALAS.

//GH#42826
|*-*
|A `404 Not Found error` is displayed when performing a sandbox image analysis using older version of twistcli, such as v22.06, with the 22.12 console.

//CWP-39278
|*-*
|Compliance check 6361 fails for hosts running RedHat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 9.
The check to ensure the `iptables` package is installed fails because `iptables` was deprecated in RHEL 9 and replaced with the `nftables` package.


|===
