docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/administration/configure-external-integrations-on-prisma-cloud/integrate-prisma-cloud-with-tenable.adoc, before:

:topic_type: task
[.task]
[#id7e842e55-e720-42f6-8c56-8b66477d2730]
== Integrate Prisma Cloud with Tenable
Learn how to integrate Prisma® Cloud with Tenable.

Prisma® Cloud ingests vulnerability data from Tenable to provide you with additional context about risks in the cloud. With this integration, you can, for example, identify suspicious traffic to sensitive workloads such as databases with known vulnerabilities.

AWS, Azure, and GCP clouds support the Prisma Cloud integration with Tenable.




[.procedure]
. Tenable.io provides API access to assets and their vulnerability information. Configure the Tenable account to use the Tenable AWS, Azure, and GCP connectors. You cannot identify the cloud resource without these connectors.
+
The Tenable API requires an access key and a secret key to be added to the request header. Generate an access key and secret key for each user on the Tenable.io app. (See https://developer.tenable.com/docs/authorization[Tenable documentation] for information.) Also, ensure that the Tenable role you are using to enable this integration has administrator permissions that include userinput:[vulns-request-export] and userinput:[assets-request-export] API access.


. Set up Tenable integration on Prisma Cloud.
+
.. Login to Prisma Cloud.

.. Select *Settings > Integrations*.

.. Set the *Add Integration* to *Tenable*.

.. Enter *Name* and *Description*.

.. Enter the *Access Key* and the *Secret Key* that are generated in Tenable.io.
+
See https://developer.tenable.com/docs/authorization[Tenable documentation] for information.
+
image::administration/tenable-int-1.png[]

.. Click *Next* and then *Test* the integration.
+
image::administration/tenable-int-2.png[]

.. Review the Summary and *Save* the integration.


. View vulnerabilities detected by Tenable in Prisma Cloud.
+
After Prisma Cloud has access to the Tenable findings, you can use the following RQL queries for visibility into the host vulnerability information collected from Tenable.

.. *Config Query*  
+
screen:[config from cloud.resource where finding.type = 'Host Vulnerability' AND finding.source = 'Tenable' AND finding.severity = 'high' ]
+
image::administration/tenable-hostfinding-config-query.png[]
+
... Select a resource to get information about vulnerabilities. Select *Audit Trail* to view the CVE numbers.
+
image::administration/tenable-audit-trail.png[]
+
... Select *Findings* to view the information related to vulnerabilities.
+
image::administration/tenable-findings-trail.png[]
+
.. *Network Query* 
+
screen:[network from vpc.flow_record where dest.resource IN ( resource where finding.type = 'Host Vulnerability' )]
+
... Select a resource to get the information about host vulnerabilities.
+
... Navigate to *Alert Summary* and choose *Host Vulnerability* to see details.
+
image::administration/tenable-host-findings-view.png[]

Commit message:

Steps and screen shot updates for Tenable

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/administration/configure-external-integrations-on-prisma-cloud/integrate-prisma-cloud-with-tenable.adoc, after:

:topic_type: task
[.task]
[#id7e842e55-e720-42f6-8c56-8b66477d2730]
== Integrate Prisma Cloud with Tenable
Learn how to integrate Prisma® Cloud with Tenable.

Prisma® Cloud ingests vulnerability data from Tenable to provide you with additional context about risks in the cloud. With this integration, you can identify suspicious traffic to sensitive workloads such as databases with known vulnerabilities.

AWS, Azure, and GCP clouds support the Prisma Cloud integration with Tenable.


[.procedure]
. Tenable.io provides API access to assets and their vulnerability information. Configure the Tenable account to use the Tenable AWS, Azure, and GCP connectors. You cannot identify the cloud resource without these connectors.
+
The Tenable API requires an access key and a secret key to be added to the request header. Generate an access key and secret key for each user on the Tenable.io app. (See https://developer.tenable.com/docs/authorization[Tenable documentation] for information.) Also, ensure that the Tenable role you are using to enable this integration has administrator permissions that include `vulns-request-export` and `assets-request-export` API access.


. Set up Tenable integration on Prisma Cloud.
+
.. Login to Prisma Cloud.

.. Select *Settings > Integrations & Notifications > Integrations*.

.. Select *Add Integration > Tenable* from the list.

.. Enter an *Integration Name* and an optional *Description*.

.. Enter the *Access Key* and the *Secret Key* that are generated in Tenable.io.
+
See https://developer.tenable.com/docs/authorization[Tenable documentation] for information.
+
image::administration/tenable-int-1.png[]

.. Click *Next*, review the *Summary*, and then *Test Integration*.
+
image::administration/tenable-int-2.png[]

.. *Save Integration* after the testing is successful.


. View vulnerabilities detected by Tenable in Prisma Cloud.
+
After Prisma Cloud has access to the Tenable findings, you can use the following RQL queries for visibility into the host vulnerability information collected from Tenable.

.. Navigate to *Investigate > Search* page.

.. *Config Query*  
+
----
config from cloud.resource where finding.type = 'Host Vulnerability' AND finding.source = 'Tenable' AND finding.severity = 'high'
----
+
image::administration/tenable-hostfinding-config-query.png[]
+
... Select a resource to get information about vulnerabilities. Select *Audit Trail* to view the CVE numbers.
+
image::administration/tenable-audit-trail.png[]
+
... Select *Vulnerabilities* to view the information related to vulnerabilities.
+
image::administration/tenable-findings-trail.png[]
+
.. *Network Query* 
+
----
network from vpc.flow_record where dest.resource IN ( resource where finding.type = 'Host Vulnerability' )
----
+
... Select a resource to get the information about host vulnerabilities.
+
... Navigate to *Alert Summary* and choose *Host Vulnerability* to see details.
+
image::administration/tenable-host-findings-view.png[]
