docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/risk-management/ci-cd-risks.adoc, before:

== CI/CD Risks

*CI/CD Risks* are a set of predefined rules that aim to identify vulnerabilities in the CI/CD pipeline by analyzing the security settings and configurations of various systems, as well as their inter-connectivity. The risks are classified based on different security categories, including attack vectors, misconfigurations, and bad practices found throughout the CI/CD pipeline.

Through 'CI/CD Risks', you can view an inventory and description of the CI/CD risks detected in a scan, including their severity and the potential impact of the risk. You can remediate risks events by applying suggested solutions or suppress them if you do not want not to actively address them. In addition you can view a Kill Chain graph, which visualizes the stages of a cyber attack on the repository CI/CD pipeline.

To access *CI/CD Risks*, in *Application Security* select *Home* > *CI/CD Risks*.

image::application-security/cicd-risks-intro3.0.png[]

The CI/CD Risks page includes the following components:

* *Filters*: Narrow a search for a CI/CD risk by using filters.
* *Dashboard*: Displays charts representing a visual display of CI/CD risks by system and
category
* *CI/CD risk inventory table*: A list of all risks detected in your CI/CD pipelines.

=== Dashboard

The 'Dashboard' provides a visual display of CI/CD risks categorized by system and category. When you select a value, such as a GitHub Actions in the 'Risks by System' chart, both the 'Risks By System' and the 'Risks By Category' charts will update to show results relevant to your selection. In addition, the inventory table will be filtered to display the risks associated with your selection. 

=== Filters

The following filters allow you to narrow a search for a CI/cD risk:

* *Status*: Filter by status. Values: 'Open', 'Suppressed'' and 'Fixed'.
* *Severity*: Filter by severity. Values: 'Critical', 'High', 'Medium', 'Low', 'Informative'.
* *Risk Priority*: Filter by the potential impact of the risk and ease of remediation. Risk priority is determined through automatic risk analysis. Values: 1-4.
* *System*: Filter by the type of technologies found in the system, such as VCSs, CI, container registry and so on.
* *Risk*: Filter by a risk detected in the pipeline
* *Category*: Filter by system-based categories detected in your organization
* *Repository*: Filter by a repository in your environment
* *Group By*: For details, see *CI/CD Risk Inventory Details* below
+
NOTE: The System filter only displays technologies in which CI/CD risks have been detected.

* *Risk*: Filter by CI/CD risk detected in the organization pipelines.
* *Category*: Filter pipeline risks by system-based categories detected in the organization.
+
NOTE: By default, Prisma Cloud assigns a category to a risk. The category cannot be modified.

* *Repository*: Filter by repository which includes detected risks.

// NOTE: The 'Fixed' or 'Suppressed' filters only display CI/CD risks when *ALL* instances of the risk are fixed or suppressed.

=== CI/CD Risk Inventory Table

The CI/CD risk inventory table includes the following details.


* *Group By*: Group risks in the table by values corresponding to the inventory table headers. This makes it easier to find and understand specific information, allows for a more systematic analysis of data, and helps identify patterns, trends, and relationships.
* *Risk Name*: The name of the CI/CD risk
* *Open Events*: The number of open events of a risk detected in the CI/CD pipeline. See below for more on open events
+
NOTE: An 'event' is a particular instance of a CI/CD risk. For example, if the CI/CD  risk: 'Possible command injection attack using crafted Issue user event on [REPO_NAME] by [USER]' (details protected by confidentiality) is detected in your GitLab account, it is considered a single event or instance of the 'Possible command injection detected in user event' risk.

* *Severity*: The severity of the CI/CD risk indicated by a color. Values: 'Critical', 'High', 'Medium', 'Low' and 'Informative'. 
+
NOTE: CI/CD risk severity levels are set by Prisma Cloud.
* *System*: The system (such as GitHub, Jenkins and so on) containing the CI/CD risk  

* *Risk Priority*: For details see the Risk Priority filter description above 

* *System*: The system (such as GitHub, Jenkins and so on) containing the CI/CD risk

* *CI/CD Category*: The risk category that the CI/CD risk is assigned to, allowing organizations to focus efforts to secure their CI/CD ecosystem. 
Includes a link to the https://www.cidersecurity.io/top-10-cicd-security-risks/[Top 10 Security Risks].
+
NOTE: For more on CI/CD risk categories refer to https://owasp.org/www-project-top-10-ci-cd-security-risks/[OWASP Top 10 CI/CD Security Risks].

* *Last Event*: The latest instance of the CI/CD risk detected in your environment
+
Selecting a CI/CD risk in the inventory opens the *resource explorer*, displaying additional information about the selected risk.

* The *Overview* tab opens as the default view, displaying metadata about the CI/CD risk, including a detailed description, severity, graph view of the location of the risk in the delivery chain, the status of the CI/CD risk events (the number of open, closed or suppressed instances of the risk),the system and category in which they were detected, and when last calculated. In addition, remediation is provided through *Steps to Solve*. See <<suggested-fixes,Suggested Fixes>> for more on remediation
+
image::application-security/ci-cd-risks-overview3.0.png[]

* The *Open Events* tab provides a list and details of the open events, including the name and description of the event, and when detected. You can suppress an event (see <<suppress-events,Suppress Events>> below for more on suppressing events). In addition, you can access the kill chain graph, when applicable to the event by selecting the icon under *Actions*. See <<kill-chain-graph,Kill Chain Graph>> below for more.
+
image::application-security/ci-cd-risks-openevents3.1.png[]

* The *Suppressed Events* tab provides a list and details of suppressed events, including an option to unsuppress an event. 
+
image::application-security/ci-cd-risks-suppressedevents3.1.png[]

* The *Fixed Events* tab provides a list and details of fixed events 
+
image::application-security/ci-cd-risks-fixedevents3.1.png[]

[#kill-chain-graph]
=== Kill Chain Graph

The Kill Chain graph visualizes the stages of a cyber attack on the CI/CD pipeline, from the initial reconnaissance phase to the final objective of the attack, resulting from multiple misconfigurations across various systems. The graph is used to illustrate the various steps that an attacker takes to penetrate the pipeline, and can help to identify potential vulnerabilities in the pipeline.

The Kill Chain graph currently supports the *Direct Poisoned Pipeline Execution* and *Direct Poisoned Pipeline Execution by external collaborators* CI/CD security risk categories. For more on CI/CD security risk categories, see https://owasp.org/www-project-top-10-ci-cd-security-risks/[OWASP Top 10 CI/CD Security Risks].

To view the kill chain graph for a risk, select a risk > *Open Events*.

The Kill Chain graph includes nodes and edges, describing the connections between them. 

For more actions that you can take on the graph refer to the xref:../visibility/repositories.adoc[Repository Application Graph.]

// Check link works to Application Graph in Repositories

[#suggested-fixes]
=== Suggested Fixes

Prisma Cloud provides suggested solutions to fix instances of CI/CD risks detected in your system: Select a risk from the inventory > in the *Details* tab, scroll down to *Steps to Solve*.

image::application-security/ci-cd-risks-suggested-solutions3.1.png[]

////
=== Suppress CI/CD Risks

By suppressing a CI/CD risk, you will  intentionally ignore handling the risk, and ALL events, which are particular instances of the risk. This can be useful if the error is known and does not require immediate attention or if the error is expected and does not impact the functionality or stability of the system in which it was detected.

NOTE: When you suppress a risk, all instances or events of the risk are suppressed.

To suppress a risk, select *CI/CD Risks* from the main menu > choose a risk from the inventory > select *ALL* events under the *Open Events* tab in the resource explorer > *Suppress*. The risk is removed from the inventory, and is displayed under the Suppressed tab. 

TIP: You can view all suppressed risks by selecting the *Suppressed*value of the *Status* filter.

//image::application-security/cicd-risks-suppressrisks1.png
////

[#suppress-events]
==== Suppress Events

An 'event' represents a particular instance of a CI/CD risk. By suppressing an event, you intentionally choose not to actively address the event. This can be useful if the error is known and does not require immediate attention or if the error is expected and does not impact the functionality or stability of the system in which it was detected.

To suppress events, select a risk from the inventory table > choose the required events under the *Open Events* tab of the resource explorer > *Suppress*. The selected events will be removed and displayed under the *Suppressed Events* tab.  

image::application-security/cicd-risks-suppressevents3.1.png[]

NOTE: Risks that have all events suppressed can be located by filtering using the *Suppressed* option in the *Status* filter.  

////
==== Unsuppress Risks
Unsuppressing a risk includes unsuppressing all risk events: Select *Suppressed* from the *Status* filter > choose the risk from the inventory table > choose *ALL* events from the *Suppressed Events* tab > *Unsuppress*. The risk status  is restored to 'Open', and its events displayed under the *Open Events* tab. 
////

[#unsuppress-events]
==== Unsuppress Events

Unsuppress an event or multiple events in order to take action on it when the event requires attentions. 

To unsuppress an event, select the risk from the inventory table > choose the required events under the  *Suppressed Events* tab > *Unsuppress*. The status of the selected events will be restored as 'Open', and will be displayed under the *Open Events* tab.  


[#disable-policies]
=== Global Suppression

Disable policies globally to exclude calculating issues (risks) detected during a scan in order to reduce overall scan time, to prevent unnecessary policies being scanned, and to help reduce false positives:

. On the Prisma Cloud console, select *Governance*.
. Select the relevant policy > in the *Status* column, toggle *OFF*.
+
image::application-security/suppression-global-disable-policy1.1.png[]

. Click *Confirm* in the *Confirm Disabling Policy Status* popup that is displayed.
+
NOTE: Disabling policies automatically resolves open events. You cannot re-enable the policy for the next 4 hours. 

For more information on disabling policies, refer xref:../../../governance/manage-prisma-cloud-policies.adoc[Manage Prisma Cloud Policies].


=== Export CI/CD Risk Data

You can export all CI/CD risk data or the data relating to an open, suppressed or fixed event, as a CSV file:

* To export *all* CI/CD risk data: Select the *Download* icon found on the top right of the CI/CD risk inventory.  

* To export open, suppressed or fixed event data: Select the *Download* icon found in a corresponding sidecar tab when selecting a risk in the inventory table. 

NOTE: When applying filters, the generated data will include filtered data only.

Commit message:

Added a note allowing you to add a missing Status column to the governance table

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/risk-management/ci-cd-risks.adoc, after:

== CI/CD Risks

*CI/CD Risks* are a set of predefined rules that aim to identify vulnerabilities in the CI/CD pipeline by analyzing the security settings and configurations of various systems, as well as their inter-connectivity. The risks are classified based on different security categories, including attack vectors, misconfigurations, and bad practices found throughout the CI/CD pipeline.

Through 'CI/CD Risks', you can view an inventory and description of the CI/CD risks detected in a scan, including their severity and the potential impact of the risk. You can remediate risks events by applying suggested solutions or suppress them if you do not want not to actively address them. In addition you can view a Kill Chain graph, which visualizes the stages of a cyber attack on the repository CI/CD pipeline.

To access *CI/CD Risks*, in *Application Security* select *Home* > *CI/CD Risks*.

image::application-security/cicd-risks-intro3.0.png[]

The CI/CD Risks page includes the following components:

* *Filters*: Narrow a search for a CI/CD risk by using filters.
* *Dashboard*: Displays charts representing a visual display of CI/CD risks by system and
category
* *CI/CD risk inventory table*: A list of all risks detected in your CI/CD pipelines.

=== Dashboard

The 'Dashboard' provides a visual display of CI/CD risks categorized by system and category. When you select a value, such as a GitHub Actions in the 'Risks by System' chart, both the 'Risks By System' and the 'Risks By Category' charts will update to show results relevant to your selection. In addition, the inventory table will be filtered to display the risks associated with your selection. 

=== Filters

The following filters allow you to narrow a search for a CI/cD risk:

* *Status*: Filter by status. Values: 'Open', 'Suppressed'' and 'Fixed'.
* *Severity*: Filter by severity. Values: 'Critical', 'High', 'Medium', 'Low', 'Informative'.
* *Risk Priority*: Filter by the potential impact of the risk and ease of remediation. Risk priority is determined through automatic risk analysis. Values: 1-4.
* *System*: Filter by the type of technologies found in the system, such as VCSs, CI, container registry and so on.
* *Risk*: Filter by a risk detected in the pipeline
* *Category*: Filter by system-based categories detected in your organization
* *Repository*: Filter by a repository in your environment
* *Group By*: For details, see *CI/CD Risk Inventory Details* below
+
NOTE: The System filter only displays technologies in which CI/CD risks have been detected.

* *Risk*: Filter by CI/CD risk detected in the organization pipelines.
* *Category*: Filter pipeline risks by system-based categories detected in the organization.
+
NOTE: By default, Prisma Cloud assigns a category to a risk. The category cannot be modified.

* *Repository*: Filter by repository which includes detected risks.

// NOTE: The 'Fixed' or 'Suppressed' filters only display CI/CD risks when *ALL* instances of the risk are fixed or suppressed.

=== CI/CD Risk Inventory Table

The CI/CD risk inventory table includes the following details.


* *Group By*: Group risks in the table by values corresponding to the inventory table headers. This makes it easier to find and understand specific information, allows for a more systematic analysis of data, and helps identify patterns, trends, and relationships.
* *Risk Name*: The name of the CI/CD risk
* *Open Events*: The number of open events of a risk detected in the CI/CD pipeline. See below for more on open events
+
NOTE: An 'event' is a particular instance of a CI/CD risk. For example, if the CI/CD  risk: 'Possible command injection attack using crafted Issue user event on [REPO_NAME] by [USER]' (details protected by confidentiality) is detected in your GitLab account, it is considered a single event or instance of the 'Possible command injection detected in user event' risk.

* *Severity*: The severity of the CI/CD risk indicated by a color. Values: 'Critical', 'High', 'Medium', 'Low' and 'Informative'. 
+
NOTE: CI/CD risk severity levels are set by Prisma Cloud.
* *System*: The system (such as GitHub, Jenkins and so on) containing the CI/CD risk  

* *Risk Priority*: For details see the Risk Priority filter description above 

* *System*: The system (such as GitHub, Jenkins and so on) containing the CI/CD risk

* *CI/CD Category*: The risk category that the CI/CD risk is assigned to, allowing organizations to focus efforts to secure their CI/CD ecosystem. 
Includes a link to the https://www.cidersecurity.io/top-10-cicd-security-risks/[Top 10 Security Risks].
+
NOTE: For more on CI/CD risk categories refer to https://owasp.org/www-project-top-10-ci-cd-security-risks/[OWASP Top 10 CI/CD Security Risks].

* *Last Event*: The latest instance of the CI/CD risk detected in your environment
+
Selecting a CI/CD risk in the inventory opens the *resource explorer*, displaying additional information about the selected risk.

* The *Overview* tab opens as the default view, displaying metadata about the CI/CD risk, including a detailed description, severity, graph view of the location of the risk in the delivery chain, the status of the CI/CD risk events (the number of open, closed or suppressed instances of the risk),the system and category in which they were detected, and when last calculated. In addition, remediation is provided through *Steps to Solve*. See <<suggested-fixes,Suggested Fixes>> for more on remediation
+
image::application-security/ci-cd-risks-overview3.0.png[]

* The *Open Events* tab provides a list and details of the open events, including the name and description of the event, and when detected. You can suppress an event (see <<suppress-events,Suppress Events>> below for more on suppressing events). In addition, you can access the kill chain graph, when applicable to the event by selecting the icon under *Actions*. See <<kill-chain-graph,Kill Chain Graph>> below for more.
+
image::application-security/ci-cd-risks-openevents3.1.png[]

* The *Suppressed Events* tab provides a list and details of suppressed events, including an option to unsuppress an event. 
+
image::application-security/ci-cd-risks-suppressedevents3.1.png[]

* The *Fixed Events* tab provides a list and details of fixed events 
+
image::application-security/ci-cd-risks-fixedevents3.1.png[]

[#kill-chain-graph]
=== Kill Chain Graph

The Kill Chain graph visualizes the stages of a cyber attack on the CI/CD pipeline, from the initial reconnaissance phase to the final objective of the attack, resulting from multiple misconfigurations across various systems. The graph is used to illustrate the various steps that an attacker takes to penetrate the pipeline, and can help to identify potential vulnerabilities in the pipeline.

The Kill Chain graph currently supports the *Direct Poisoned Pipeline Execution* and *Direct Poisoned Pipeline Execution by external collaborators* CI/CD security risk categories. For more on CI/CD security risk categories, see https://owasp.org/www-project-top-10-ci-cd-security-risks/[OWASP Top 10 CI/CD Security Risks].

To view the kill chain graph for a risk, select a risk > *Open Events*.

The Kill Chain graph includes nodes and edges, describing the connections between them. 

For more actions that you can take on the graph refer to the xref:../visibility/repositories.adoc[Repository Application Graph.]

// Check link works to Application Graph in Repositories

[#suggested-fixes]
=== Suggested Fixes

Prisma Cloud provides suggested solutions to fix instances of CI/CD risks detected in your system: Select a risk from the inventory > in the *Details* tab, scroll down to *Steps to Solve*.

image::application-security/ci-cd-risks-suggested-solutions3.1.png[]

////
=== Suppress CI/CD Risks

By suppressing a CI/CD risk, you will  intentionally ignore handling the risk, and ALL events, which are particular instances of the risk. This can be useful if the error is known and does not require immediate attention or if the error is expected and does not impact the functionality or stability of the system in which it was detected.

NOTE: When you suppress a risk, all instances or events of the risk are suppressed.

To suppress a risk, select *CI/CD Risks* from the main menu > choose a risk from the inventory > select *ALL* events under the *Open Events* tab in the resource explorer > *Suppress*. The risk is removed from the inventory, and is displayed under the Suppressed tab. 

TIP: You can view all suppressed risks by selecting the *Suppressed*value of the *Status* filter.

//image::application-security/cicd-risks-suppressrisks1.png
////

[#suppress-events]
==== Suppress Events

An 'event' represents a particular instance of a CI/CD risk. By suppressing an event, you intentionally choose not to actively address the event. This can be useful if the error is known and does not require immediate attention or if the error is expected and does not impact the functionality or stability of the system in which it was detected.

To suppress events, select a risk from the inventory table > choose the required events under the *Open Events* tab of the resource explorer > *Suppress*. The selected events will be removed and displayed under the *Suppressed Events* tab.  

image::application-security/cicd-risks-suppressevents3.1.png[]

NOTE: Risks that have all events suppressed can be located by filtering using the *Suppressed* option in the *Status* filter.  

////
==== Unsuppress Risks
Unsuppressing a risk includes unsuppressing all risk events: Select *Suppressed* from the *Status* filter > choose the risk from the inventory table > choose *ALL* events from the *Suppressed Events* tab > *Unsuppress*. The risk status  is restored to 'Open', and its events displayed under the *Open Events* tab. 
////

[#unsuppress-events]
==== Unsuppress Events

Unsuppress an event or multiple events in order to take action on it when the event requires attentions. 

To unsuppress an event, select the risk from the inventory table > choose the required events under the  *Suppressed Events* tab > *Unsuppress*. The status of the selected events will be restored as 'Open', and will be displayed under the *Open Events* tab.  


[#disable-policies]
=== Global Suppression

Disable policies globally to exclude calculating issues (risks) detected during a scan in order to reduce overall scan time, to prevent unnecessary policies being scanned, and to help reduce false positives:

. On the Prisma Cloud console, select *Governance*.
. Select the relevant policy > in the *Status* column, toggle *OFF*.
+
image::application-security/suppression-global-disable-policy1.1.png[]
+
NOTE: If the "Status" column is missing, you can add it by accessing the table menu and selecting *Status*.

. Click *Confirm* in the *Confirm Disabling Policy Status* popup that is displayed.
+
NOTE: Disabling policies automatically resolves open events. You cannot re-enable the policy for the next 4 hours. 

For more information on disabling policies, refer xref:../../../governance/manage-prisma-cloud-policies.adoc[Manage Prisma Cloud Policies].


=== Export CI/CD Risk Data

You can export all CI/CD risk data or the data relating to an open, suppressed or fixed event, as a CSV file:

* To export *all* CI/CD risk data: Select the *Download* icon found on the top right of the CI/CD risk inventory.  

* To export open, suppressed or fixed event data: Select the *Download* icon found in a corresponding sidecar tab when selecting a risk in the inventory table. 

NOTE: When applying filters, the generated data will include filtered data only.
