docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/risk-management/risk-indicators.adoc, before:

== Risk Indicators

Risk Indicators, also known as Risk Factors, highlight critical elements within your environment that may be targeted by attackers, including deployed images, runtime-connected repositories, and potential internet exposure (coming soon). By identifying these indicators, Prisma Cloud helps you prioritize which security issues to address first. This prioritization is crucial because external exposure can increase the risk of unauthorized access, data breaches, and exploitation of vulnerabilities.

=== Prerequisites

To leverage Risk Indicators for prioritizing security efforts, you must first fulfill the following requirements.

* Enable the CI/CD module in CAS. Refer to xref:../get-started/application-security-license-types.adoc[Application Security License Types] for more information about the CI/CD module licensing

*  Ensure that xref:../../runtime-security/agentless-scanning/agentless-scanning.adoc[Agentless Scanning] and container image workloads are enabled in your cloud account or that xref:../../runtime-security/install/deploy-defender/deploy-defender.adoc[Defender] is enabled in your container orchestration environments


* Connect your repositories to a supported CI system. Refer to xref:../get-started/connect-code-and-build-providers/ci-cd-systems/ci-cd-systems.adoc[CI/CD Systems] for more information about integrating CI systems

=== Prioritize External Risks

Prioritize external risks through *Deployed Repositories*, *Deployed Images* and *Internet Exposed Deployment* (coming soon) risk indicators.

[#deploy-repo]
=== Deployed Repositories

[.task]

The Deployed Repositories risk indicator reveals which repositories trigger container image builds from your code. Use the *Risk Factor* filter to easily find your repositories that are connected to runtime. 

[.procedure]

. In *Application Security*, select *Repositories*.

. Under the *Risk Factors* filter, choose *Deployed Repository*.
+
image::application-security/prior-risk-deploy-repo-3.1.png[]
+
Repositories deployed in runtime are displayed. The icon under the Risk Factor column indicates the type of risk indicator, in this case, deployed repositories. 
+
image::application-security/prior-risk-icon1.png[]

. To view additional details in a sidecar, click on the repository.
+
The *Details* tab of the sidecar, which opens by default, displays repository details including size, last commit, dependencies, CI files, pipelines and deployed images. Additionally, all technologies detected in the repository are listed.
+
image::application-security/prior-risk-deplor-repo-details1.1.png[]

. Select the *Contributor* tab to view all contributors and their associated repository permissions.

. Select the *Graph* tab to view the repository in graph view. For more information, refer to xref:../visibility/repositories.adoc#app-graph[Application Graph].


=== Deployed Images

//The *Deployed Images* risk indicator allows you to identify container images in a running environment. It also enables a comprehensive view of your code-to-cloud journey:

The *Deployed Images* risk indicator allows you to identify container images in a running environment. It also enables a comprehensive view of your code-to-cloud journey (Repository > CI pipeline  > Container Image). 

//To view Deployed Images, select *Repository* > hover over the value in the *Pipeline* column > The *Container Image/s* are displayed. 

You can view deployed images under the *Deployed Images* column as well as through the *Details* tab in the repository sidecar (see Deployed Repositories above). 

Use the *Deployed Images filter* to filter by specific container images. This will enable you to quickly find your repositories that are connected to runtime.

image::application-security/prior-risk-deploy-image-filter1.1.png[]


=== Runtime CVE Vulnerabilities 

You can identify CVE vulnerabilities detected in your runtime environment within Cloud Application Security (CAS), enabling you to mitigate these vulnerabilities at source and preventing them from impacting your runtime environment.

For more information, refer to xref:monitor-and-manage-code-build/software-composition-analysis/software-composition-analysis.adoc#runtime-vulnerabilities[Mitigate Runtime Vulnerabilities at Source].



////
== Fix Code Security Issues

On *Projects*, you can remediate scan results across all code categories by adding issues to the fix cart to create a PR with a suggested fix. For every issue found on Prisma Cloud console, you can view information like origin of the issue in a file or repository, policy violation, and suggestions to remediate the issue.

[.procedure]

. Access scan results on *Projects*.

.. Select a code category with an issue.

.. Select an issue from the resource block to view more information and suggested fixes in the resource explorer.

. Create a PR from the fix recommendation.

.. Select an issue to see a fix recommendation in the resource explorer.
+
You can fix one more issues at once by selecting issues across multiple resources or policy blocks and adding it to the fix cart.

.. Select *FIX* to add the issue to the fix cart.

.. Select *Submit* to create a PR with an issue fix.
//+
//In this example, you see one or more issues added to the fix cart to from IaC Misconfiguration `google_container_cluster.workload_cluster` resource block.
//+
//image::application-security/projects-fix.gif[]
+
To completely resolve the issue, you need to access the PR on the VCS console and merge the fix with the default branch.
+
For issues with no fix recommendation, you can remediate it by a
*Manual Fix* or *Suppress*.

[.task]
=== Fix Vulnerability Issues

On *Projects* *Vulnerabilities* view you see CVE issues that have an automatic fix on the console. You can choose to remediate a single CVE issue or choose to fix all issues in the issue block. When fixing the issue, the CVE *Root version* gets bumped to the latest version from a Pull Request that you need to submit from the *Fix cart*. The issue block will continue to be seen till the Pull Request with the fix is not merged.

[.procedure]

. Select *Application Security > Projects* and then select *Vulnerabilities* view.

. Access any issue block and then select *Fix* corresponding to the issue.
+
Optionally, you can select *Fix All*.
+
When fixing the issue, you can verify all CVE’s getting fixed by a verification status corresponding to the CVE.
//+
//In this example you see fixing `CVE-2021-33194` automatically fixes `CVE-2022-30322` with the current remediation.
//+
//TODO:Add example.

. Select *Submit* on the side panel to create a Pull Request (PR) with the fixes.
//+
//image:://TODO:

=== Manual Fix an issue

You can perform a manual fix for all issues. A manual fix enables you to access a specific commit to review the code to then resolve the issue manually using the policy guidelines on the Prisma Cloud console.

image::application-security/proj-24.png[]
////

Commit message:

Initial commit repo omportance score

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/risk-management/risk-indicators.adoc, after:

== Risk Indicators

Risk Indicators, also known as Risk Factors, highlight critical elements within your environment that may be targeted by attackers, including deployed images, runtime-connected repositories, and potential internet exposure (coming soon). By identifying these indicators, Prisma Cloud helps you prioritize which security issues to address first. This prioritization is crucial because external exposure can increase the risk of unauthorized access, data breaches, and exploitation of vulnerabilities.

=== Prerequisites

To leverage Risk Indicators for prioritizing security efforts, you must first fulfill the following requirements.

* Enable the CI/CD module in CAS. Refer to xref:../get-started/application-security-license-types.adoc[Application Security License Types] for more information about the CI/CD module licensing

*  Ensure that xref:../../runtime-security/agentless-scanning/agentless-scanning.adoc[Agentless Scanning] and container image workloads are enabled in your cloud account or that xref:../../runtime-security/install/deploy-defender/deploy-defender.adoc[Defender] is enabled in your container orchestration environments


* Connect your repositories to a supported CI system. Refer to xref:../get-started/connect-code-and-build-providers/ci-cd-systems/ci-cd-systems.adoc[CI/CD Systems] for more information about integrating CI systems

=== Prioritize External Risks

Prioritize external risks through *Deployed Repositories*, *Deployed Images* and *Internet Exposed Deployment* (coming soon) risk indicators.

[#deploy-repo]
=== Deployed Repositories

[.task]

The Deployed Repositories risk indicator reveals which repositories trigger container image builds from your code. Use the *Risk Factor* filter to easily find your repositories that are connected to runtime. 

[.procedure]

. In *Application Security*, select *Repositories*.

. Under the *Risk Factors* filter, choose *Deployed Repository*.
+
image::application-security/prior-risk-deploy-repo-3.1.png[]
+
Repositories deployed in runtime are displayed. The icon under the Risk Factor column indicates the type of risk indicator, in this case, deployed repositories. 
+
image::application-security/prior-risk-icon1.png[]

. To view additional details in a sidecar, click on the repository.
+
The *Details* tab of the sidecar, which opens by default, displays repository details including size, last commit, dependencies, CI files, pipelines and deployed images. Additionally, all technologies detected in the repository are listed.
+
image::application-security/prior-risk-deplor-repo-details1.1.png[]

. Select the *Contributor* tab to view all contributors and their associated repository permissions.

. Select the *Graph* tab to view the repository in graph view. For more information, refer to xref:../visibility/repositories.adoc#app-graph[Application Graph].


=== Deployed Images

//The *Deployed Images* risk indicator allows you to identify container images in a running environment. It also enables a comprehensive view of your code-to-cloud journey:

The *Deployed Images* risk indicator allows you to identify container images in a running environment. It also enables a comprehensive view of your code-to-cloud journey (Repository > CI pipeline  > Container Image). 

//To view Deployed Images, select *Repository* > hover over the value in the *Pipeline* column > The *Container Image/s* are displayed. 

You can view deployed images under the *Deployed Images* column as well as through the *Details* tab in the repository sidecar (see Deployed Repositories above). 

Use the *Deployed Images filter* to filter by specific container images. This will enable you to quickly find your repositories that are connected to runtime.

image::application-security/prior-risk-deploy-image-filter1.1.png[]

=== Repository Importance Priority Score

*Repository Importance Score* quantifies the significance of each repository including criteria such as business importance and path to production. This enables you to effectively allocate security resources and prioritize addressing issues in the most critical repositories first. For more information refer to xref:/visibility/repositories.adoc#repo-importance-score[Repository Importance Priority Score].


=== Runtime CVE Vulnerabilities 

You can identify CVE vulnerabilities detected in your runtime environment within Cloud Application Security (CAS), enabling you to mitigate these vulnerabilities at source and preventing them from impacting your runtime environment.

For more information, refer to xref:monitor-and-manage-code-build/software-composition-analysis/software-composition-analysis.adoc#runtime-vulnerabilities[Mitigate Runtime Vulnerabilities at Source].



////
== Fix Code Security Issues

On *Projects*, you can remediate scan results across all code categories by adding issues to the fix cart to create a PR with a suggested fix. For every issue found on Prisma Cloud console, you can view information like origin of the issue in a file or repository, policy violation, and suggestions to remediate the issue.

[.procedure]

. Access scan results on *Projects*.

.. Select a code category with an issue.

.. Select an issue from the resource block to view more information and suggested fixes in the resource explorer.

. Create a PR from the fix recommendation.

.. Select an issue to see a fix recommendation in the resource explorer.
+
You can fix one more issues at once by selecting issues across multiple resources or policy blocks and adding it to the fix cart.

.. Select *FIX* to add the issue to the fix cart.

.. Select *Submit* to create a PR with an issue fix.
//+
//In this example, you see one or more issues added to the fix cart to from IaC Misconfiguration `google_container_cluster.workload_cluster` resource block.
//+
//image::application-security/projects-fix.gif[]
+
To completely resolve the issue, you need to access the PR on the VCS console and merge the fix with the default branch.
+
For issues with no fix recommendation, you can remediate it by a
*Manual Fix* or *Suppress*.

[.task]
=== Fix Vulnerability Issues

On *Projects* *Vulnerabilities* view you see CVE issues that have an automatic fix on the console. You can choose to remediate a single CVE issue or choose to fix all issues in the issue block. When fixing the issue, the CVE *Root version* gets bumped to the latest version from a Pull Request that you need to submit from the *Fix cart*. The issue block will continue to be seen till the Pull Request with the fix is not merged.

[.procedure]

. Select *Application Security > Projects* and then select *Vulnerabilities* view.

. Access any issue block and then select *Fix* corresponding to the issue.
+
Optionally, you can select *Fix All*.
+
When fixing the issue, you can verify all CVE’s getting fixed by a verification status corresponding to the CVE.
//+
//In this example you see fixing `CVE-2021-33194` automatically fixes `CVE-2022-30322` with the current remediation.
//+
//TODO:Add example.

. Select *Submit* on the side panel to create a Pull Request (PR) with the fixes.
//+
//image:://TODO:

=== Manual Fix an issue

You can perform a manual fix for all issues. A manual fix enables you to access a specific commit to review the code to then resolve the issue manually using the policy guidelines on the Prisma Cloud console.

image::application-security/proj-24.png[]
////
