docs/en/compute-edition/32/admin-guide/agentless-scanning/agentless-scanning-results.adoc, before:

:toc: macro

== Agentless Scanning Results

toc::[]

Agentless scanning lets you inspect the risks and vulnerabilities of a cloud workload without having to install an agent or affecting the execution of the workload.
Prisma Cloud gives you the flexibility to choose between agentless and agent-based security using Defenders.
Prisma Cloud supports agentless scanning on AWS, GCP and Azure hosts, clusters, and containers for vulnerabilities and compliance.
Prisma Cloud only supports agentless scanning of hosts for vulnerabilities and compliance on OCI.

See xref:./agentless-scanning.adoc#scanning-modes[scanning modes] to review the scanning options and xref:./onboard-accounts/onboard-accounts.adoc[to configure agentless scanning] on your accounts.

=== Vulnerability Scan

Agentless scan results are cohesively integrated with Defender results throughout the Console to provide seamless experience.

Vulnerability scan  rules  control the data surfaced in Prisma Cloud Console, including scan reports and Radar visualizations. To modify these rules, see xref:../vulnerability-management/vuln-management-rules.adoc[vulnerability scan rules].

==== View Scan Results

Navigate to *Monitor > Vulnerabilities > Hosts* to view agentless vulnerability scan results.
You can see a column named *Scanned by* in the results page.
On the rows where entry is *Agentless*, scan results are provided by agentless scanning. 

Agentless scans provide risk factors associated with each vulnerability such as package in use, exposed to internet, etc. (https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-admin-compute/compliance/compliance_explorer[here]).
You can add tags and create policies in alert mode for exceptions.
Agentless scanning is integrated with Vulnerability Explorer and Host Radar. 

image::agentless_results.png[width=600]

=== Compliance Scans

Navigate to *Monitor > Compliance > Hosts* to view agentless compliance scan results.
You can see a column named *Scanned by* in the results page.
On the rows where entry is *Agentless*, scan results are provided by agentless scanning. 

image::agentless_compex.png[width=600]

Agentless scans provide risk factors associated with each compliance issue and overall compliance rate for host benchmarks. (learn more https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-admin-compute/vulnerability_management/vuln_explorer[here]).
You can add tags and create policies in alert mode for exceptions.
Agentless scanning is integrated with Compliance Explorer and Host Radar. 

==== Custom Compliance Scans

You can create custom compliance checks on file systems for your host and add them to your compliance policy for scanning. 
https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-admin-compute/compliance/custom_compliance_checks[Follow the instructions] to enable custom compliance checks in a single step for both Defenders and Agentless scans. 

ifdef::prisma_cloud[]
=== Malware Scans

Agentless scanning uses Palo Alto Networks Advanced WildFire to xref:../compliance/prisma-cloud-compliance-checks.adoc#malware[scan your container images and hosts for malware].

endif::prisma_cloud[]

=== Pending OS Updates

Unpatched OSes lead to security risks and greater possibility of exploits. 
Through agentless scanning, find pending OS security updates as a compliance check.

image::agentless_pendingOS.png[width=600]

You can search for all hosts with pending OS updates by searching for "Ensure no pending OS updates" string in Compliance explorer page (Monitor > Compliance > Compliance eExplorer tab).

*Syntax:*
 <package name> [<current version>] (<new version available> …)

=== Cloud Discovery Integration

When cloud discovery is enabled, agentless scans are automatically integrated with the results to provide visibility into all regions and cloud accounts where agentless scanning is not enabled along with undefended hosts, containers, and serverless functions.

image::agentless_cloud.png[width=800]

=== Pre-flight checks 

Before scanning, Prisma Cloud performs pre-flight checks and shows any missing permissions.
You can see the status of the credentials without waiting for the scan to fail.
This gives you proactive visibility into errors and missing permissions allowing you to fix them to ensure successful scans.
The following image shows the notification of a missing permission.

image::agentless_preflight.png[width=800]

include::onboard-accounts/frag-start-agentless-scan.adoc[leveloffset=1]

Commit message:

[Runtime Security] Agentless Hosts Coverage Report

docs/en/compute-edition/32/admin-guide/agentless-scanning/agentless-scanning-results.adoc, after:

:toc: macro

== Agentless Scanning Results

toc::[]

Agentless scanning lets you inspect the risks and vulnerabilities of a cloud workload without having to install an agent or affecting the execution of the workload.
Prisma Cloud gives you the flexibility to choose between agentless and agent-based security using Defenders.
Prisma Cloud supports agentless scanning on AWS, GCP and Azure hosts, clusters, and containers for vulnerabilities and compliance.
Prisma Cloud only supports agentless scanning of hosts for vulnerabilities and compliance on OCI.

See xref:./agentless-scanning.adoc#scanning-modes[scanning modes] to review the scanning options and xref:./onboard-accounts/onboard-accounts.adoc[to configure agentless scanning] on your accounts.

=== Vulnerability Scan

Agentless scan results are cohesively integrated with Defender results throughout the Console to provide seamless experience.

Vulnerability scan  rules  control the data surfaced in Prisma Cloud Console, including scan reports and Radar visualizations. To modify these rules, see xref:../vulnerability-management/vuln-management-rules.adoc[vulnerability scan rules].

==== View Scan Results

Navigate to *Monitor > Vulnerabilities > Hosts* to view agentless vulnerability scan results.
You can see a column named *Scanned by* in the results page.
On the rows where entry is *Agentless*, scan results are provided by agentless scanning. 

Agentless scans provide risk factors associated with each vulnerability such as package in use, exposed to internet, etc. (https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-admin-compute/compliance/compliance_explorer[here]).
You can add tags and create policies in alert mode for exceptions.
Agentless scanning is integrated with Vulnerability Explorer and Host Radar. 

image::agentless_results.png[width=600]

=== Compliance Scans

Navigate to *Monitor > Compliance > Hosts* to view agentless compliance scan results.
You can see a column named *Scanned by* in the results page.
On the rows where entry is *Agentless*, scan results are provided by agentless scanning. 

image::agentless_compex.png[width=600]

Agentless scans provide risk factors associated with each compliance issue and overall compliance rate for host benchmarks. (learn more https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-admin-compute/vulnerability_management/vuln_explorer[here]).
You can add tags and create policies in alert mode for exceptions.
Agentless scanning is integrated with Compliance Explorer and Host Radar. 

==== Custom Compliance Scans

You can create custom compliance checks on file systems for your host and add them to your compliance policy for scanning. 
https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-admin-compute/compliance/custom_compliance_checks[Follow the instructions] to enable custom compliance checks in a single step for both Defenders and Agentless scans. 

ifdef::prisma_cloud[]
=== Malware Scans

Agentless scanning uses Palo Alto Networks Advanced WildFire to xref:../compliance/prisma-cloud-compliance-checks.adoc#malware[scan your container images and hosts for malware].

endif::prisma_cloud[]

=== Pending OS Updates

Unpatched OSes lead to security risks and greater possibility of exploits. 
Through agentless scanning, find pending OS security updates as a compliance check.

image::agentless_pendingOS.png[width=600]

You can search for all hosts with pending OS updates by searching for "Ensure no pending OS updates" string in Compliance explorer page (Monitor > Compliance > Compliance eExplorer tab).

*Syntax:*
 <package name> [<current version>] (<new version available> …)

=== Cloud Discovery Integration

When cloud discovery is enabled, agentless scans are automatically integrated with the results to provide visibility into all regions and cloud accounts where agentless scanning is not enabled along with undefended hosts, containers, and serverless functions.

image::agentless_cloud.png[width=800]

=== Pre-flight checks 

Before scanning, Prisma Cloud performs pre-flight checks and shows any missing permissions.
You can see the status of the credentials without waiting for the scan to fail.
This gives you proactive visibility into errors and missing permissions allowing you to fix them to ensure successful scans.
The following image shows the notification of a missing permission.

image::agentless_preflight.png[width=800]

=== Agentless Hosts Coverage Report

To view the details of the scans performed on a cloud account, take the following steps.

. Go to *Manage > Cloud Accounts*.

. Select *Show account details* under the *Actions* column.
+
image::runtime-security/agentless-scanning-results-1.png

. The *Scan status* section shows the *Total hosts* scanned and their status.
+
image::runtime-security/agentless-scanning-results-2.png

. The *Region* table shows you a summary for each region under *Scan coverage*.

. Select the host count for a given region to see the detailed report for that region.
+
image::runtime-security/agentless-scanning-results-3.png

.. The detailed report for a region shows a summary of all hosts in a region.
.. Select a status on the *Scan status* pie chart to filter the hosts in the table to show only the hosts with that status.
.. Click on the *Status* of a given host in the table to see the following information.
... If the host was scanned, you see the the host's scan results.
... If the host wasn't scanned, you see a sidecar with the details on why it wasn't scanned and recommended steps to get it scanned when applicable.

include::onboard-accounts/frag-start-agentless-scan.adoc[leveloffset=1]
