docs/en/classic/compute-admin-guide/agentless-scanning/onboard-accounts/configure-aws.adoc, before:

:topic_type: task
:toc: macro
[#configure-aws-agentless]
[.task]
== Configure Agentless Scanning for AWS

toc::[]

[.procedure]

. Log in to Prisma Cloud Runtime Security.

. Select *Runtime Security > Manage > Cloud Accounts*.

. Click the edit button of your cloud account.

. Go to the *Agentless Scanning* section.

. Expand the *Advanced settings* and provide the appropriate values based on your deployment for the following items.
+
image::agentless-aws-configuration.png[width=540]

. Click *Save* to return to *Compute > Manage > Cloud accounts*.

[#aws-agentless-modes]
=== Scan Settings

*Select where to scan*: For AWS accounts, you can decide between xref:../agentless-scanning.adoc#scanning-modes[two scanning modes].

* *Same Account*: Perform the agentless scanning process using this account.

* *Hub Account*: Perform the agentless scanning process using a centralized hub account.
Select another account from the list to use as the centralized hub account to scan this account.
on the target accounts.

[#aws-agentless-auto-scale]
=== Auto-scale scanning

Automatically create the required amount of scanners to scan all of the hosts within a region, up to a limit of 50 scanners.
To use a different limit specify the *Max number of scanners*.

*Max number of scanners*: Enter the upper limit of scanners that Prisma Cloud can automatically spin up within a region in your account for faster results.

[#aws-agentless-permissions]
=== Enforce Permissions Check

In case of failure to validate the appropriate permissions, this account won't be scanned.
If this is a hub account, the associated target accounts won't be scanned as well.
Review the xref:../../configure/permissions.adoc#aws-agentless[needed permissions to enable agentless scanning in AWS].

[#aws-agentless-proxy]
=== Proxy

Enter a *Proxy* value if traffic leaving your AWS tenant uses a proxy.

Provide the proxy's certificate authority (CA) certificate.

[#aws-custom-tags]
=== Custom Tags

Apply custom tags to any resources Prisma Cloud creates during agentless scanning.

[#aws-agentless-scope]
=== Agentless Scan Scope

Under *Scan scope* you can refine the scope of the scanning by *Regions* or using tags.
+
image::runtime-security/tags-scope.png[width=300]

* *All regions*: Scan in all AWS regions.

* *Custom regions*: Specify the AWS regions, which you want scanned.

* *Scan non running hosts*: Choose whether or not to scan hosts that aren't running.

* *Exclude hosts by tags*: Select a subset of hosts which you want to exclude from the scan process
+
You can use wildcards to specify a range of tags in both keys and values following these examples:
+
[source]
----
"abcd*"
"*abcd"
"abcd"
"*"
"*abcd*"
----

* *Include hosts by tags*: Select a subset of hosts to scan
+
You can use wildcards to specify a range of tags in both keys and values following these examples:
+
[source]
----
"abcd*"
"*abcd"
"abcd"
"*"
"*abcd*"
----

[#aws-agentless-network]
=== Network Resources

Configure custom network resources for agentless scanning. When using custom network resources, Prisma Cloud assumes those resources have a path to communicate outbound data to the Prisma Cloud backend, as explained in the xref:../agentless-scanning.adoc#networking-infrastructure[networking infrastructure section].

* *Subnet name*: the name tag of the subnet resource in your AWS account. If the subnet allows auto-assignment of public IPs, a public IP will be attached to the scanner instance. Subnet names should be identical and unique across all regions.

* *Security group name*: the name of the security group resource in your AWS account. Security group names should be identical and unique across all regions.

The following combinations are possible for the network resources.

* If you leave both fields blank, Prisma Cloud creates all required network resources and uses a public IP as explained in the xref:../agentless-scanning.adoc#networking-infrastructure[networking infrastructure section].

* If you configure both fields, Prisma Cloud validates that both resources exist and are using the same VPC.

* If you only configure the *Security group name*, Prisma Cloud uses the configured security group and attaches a random subnet and VPC to that security group.

* If you only configure the *Subnet name*, Prisma Cloud validates that the subnet exists and assumes that all required network resources exist and are attached to that subnet. Prisma Cloud uses the default security group created by AWS for that subnet.

=== Known Limitations

Agentless scanning in AWS has the following known limitations.

* *LVM-based AMIs:* Due to the lack of an official LVM-based Amazon Machine Image (AMI) on AWS, agentless scanning might not recognize and scan AMIs using a non-standard LVM configuration. These AMIs will currently not be supported for agentless scanning.

* *Unsupported Marketplace AMIs:* Certain AMIs available on the AWS Marketplace are configured in a way that prohibits mounting them as secondary volumes. Consequently, agentless scanning is not compatible with these AMIs. If scanning is essential for such hosts, please contact the vendor of the specific AMI to request a configuration change that will enable agentless to scan instances launched from that AMI, by removing that limitation.

Commit message:

Add hub account toggle screenshots

docs/en/classic/compute-admin-guide/agentless-scanning/onboard-accounts/configure-aws.adoc, after:

:topic_type: task
:toc: macro
[#configure-aws-agentless]
[.task]
== Configure Agentless Scanning for AWS

toc::[]

[.procedure]

. Log in to Prisma Cloud Runtime Security.

. Select *Runtime Security > Manage > Cloud Accounts*.

. Click the edit button of your cloud account.

. Go to the *Agentless Scanning* section.
+
image::agentless-hub-toggle.png[]

. Expand the *Advanced settings* and provide the appropriate values based on your deployment for the following items.
+
image::agentless-aws-configuration.png[width=540]

. Click *Save* to return to *Compute > Manage > Cloud accounts*.

[#aws-agentless-modes]
=== Scan Settings

*Select where to scan*: For AWS accounts, you can decide between xref:../agentless-scanning.adoc#scanning-modes[two scanning modes].

* *Same Account*: Perform the agentless scanning process using this account.

* *Hub Account*: Perform the agentless scanning process using a centralized hub account.
Select another account from the list to use as the centralized hub account to scan this account.

[#aws-agentless-auto-scale]
=== Auto-scale scanning

Automatically create the required amount of scanners to scan all of the hosts within a region, up to a limit of 50 scanners.
To use a different limit specify the *Max number of scanners*.

*Max number of scanners*: Enter the upper limit of scanners that Prisma Cloud can automatically spin up within a region in your account for faster results.

[#aws-agentless-permissions]
=== Enforce Permissions Check

When enabled, this account isn't scanned in case of failure to validate the required permissions.
When disabled, the pre-scan check to validate permissions is skipped.
If permissions are missing or blocked by an organizational policy, the scan fails at that stage.
Review the xref:../../configure/permissions.adoc#aws-agentless[needed permissions to enable agentless scanning in AWS].

[#aws-agentless-proxy]
=== Proxy

Enter a *Proxy* value if traffic leaving your AWS tenant uses a proxy.

Provide the proxy's certificate authority (CA) certificate.

[#aws-custom-tags]
=== Custom Tags

Apply custom tags to any resources Prisma Cloud creates during agentless scanning.

[#aws-agentless-scope]
=== Agentless Scan Scope

Under *Scan scope* you can refine the scope of the scanning by *Regions* or using tags.
+
image::runtime-security/tags-scope.png[width=300]

* *All regions*: Scan in all AWS regions.

* *Custom regions*: Specify the AWS regions, which you want scanned.

* *Scan non running hosts*: Choose whether or not to scan hosts that aren't running.

* *Exclude hosts by tags*: Select a subset of hosts which you want to exclude from the scan process
+
You can use wildcards to specify a range of tags in both keys and values following these examples:
+
[source]
----
"abcd*"
"*abcd"
"abcd"
"*"
"*abcd*"
----

* *Include hosts by tags*: Select a subset of hosts to scan
+
You can use wildcards to specify a range of tags in both keys and values following these examples:
+
[source]
----
"abcd*"
"*abcd"
"abcd"
"*"
"*abcd*"
----

[#aws-agentless-network]
=== Network Resources

Configure custom network resources for agentless scanning. When using custom network resources, Prisma Cloud assumes those resources have a path to communicate outbound data to the Prisma Cloud backend, as explained in the xref:../agentless-scanning.adoc#networking-infrastructure[networking infrastructure section].

* *Subnet name*: the name tag of the subnet resource in your AWS account. If the subnet allows auto-assignment of public IPs, a public IP will be attached to the scanner instance. Subnet names should be identical and unique across all regions.

* *Security group name*: the name of the security group resource in your AWS account. Security group names should be identical and unique across all regions.

The following combinations are possible for the network resources.

* If you leave both fields blank, Prisma Cloud creates all required network resources and uses a public IP as explained in the xref:../agentless-scanning.adoc#networking-infrastructure[networking infrastructure section].

* If you configure both fields, Prisma Cloud validates that both resources exist and are using the same VPC.

* If you only configure the *Security group name*, Prisma Cloud uses the configured security group and attaches a random subnet and VPC to that security group.

* If you only configure the *Subnet name*, Prisma Cloud validates that the subnet exists and assumes that all required network resources exist and are attached to that subnet. Prisma Cloud uses the default security group created by AWS for that subnet.

=== Known Limitations

* *LVM-based AMIs:* Due to the lack of an official LVM-based Amazon Machine Image (AMI) on AWS, agentless scanning might not recognize and scan AMIs using a non-standard LVM configuration. These AMIs will currently not be supported for agentless scanning.

* *Unsupported Marketplace AMIs:* Certain AMIs available on the AWS Marketplace are configured in a way that prohibits mounting them as secondary volumes. Consequently, agentless scanning is not compatible with these AMIs. If scanning is essential for such hosts, please contact the vendor of the specific AMI to request a configuration change that will enable agentless to scan instances launched from that AMI, by removing that limitation.
