docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/get-started/connect-code-and-build-providers/code-repositories/code-repositories.adoc, before:

== Code Repositories

Integrate Prisma Cloud with your code repository version control systems to scan for misconfigurations in your infrastructure-as-code (IaC) files, vulnerabilities in your software composition analysis (SCA) packages, secrets exposed in your code and license non-compliance. Prisma Cloud also scan for CI/CD pipeline risks when the systems supports this feature. For more information, refer to the relevant integration guide.

Code repository integrations include:

* xref:add-azurerepos.adoc[Azure Repos]
* xref:add-bitbucket.adoc[Bitbucket]
* xref:add-bitbucket-server.adoc[Bitbucket Server]
* xref:add-github.adoc[GitHub]
* xref:add-github-server.adoc[GitHub Server]
* xref:add-gitlab.adoc[GitLab]
* xref:add-gitlab-selfmanaged.adoc[Gitlab Self-managed]

=== Verify Integration

After integrating your version control system, you can verify if your repositories are successfully connected to Prisma Cloud by checking their status under *Settings* > *Code & Build Providers*. If they are not connected, an error message will be displayed.

image::application-security/verify-code-and-build-permissions.png[]

Commit message:

Changes from PR 1656 and more that did not make the final build in Darwin Docs. Includes ready but commented out non-default branch documentation

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/get-started/connect-code-and-build-providers/code-repositories/code-repositories.adoc, after:

== Code Repositories

Integrate Prisma Cloud with your code repository version control systems to scan for misconfigurations in your infrastructure-as-code (IaC) files, vulnerabilities in your software composition analysis (SCA) packages, secrets exposed in your code and license non-compliance. Prisma Cloud also scan for CI/CD pipeline risks when the systems supports this feature. For more information, refer to the relevant integration guide.

Code repository integrations include:

* xref:add-azurerepos.adoc[Azure Repos]
* xref:add-bitbucket.adoc[Bitbucket]
* xref:add-bitbucket-server.adoc[Bitbucket Server]
* xref:add-github.adoc[GitHub]
* xref:add-github-server.adoc[GitHub Server]
* xref:add-gitlab.adoc[GitLab]
* xref:add-gitlab-selfmanaged.adoc[Gitlab Self-managed]

=== Verify Integration

To verify integration, in *Application Security*, select *Home* > *Settings* 
> *Code & Build Providers* tab. Check that the status of the integrated system displays *Connected*.

image::application-security/verify-code-and-build-permissions.png[]
