docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/search-and-investigate/explore-data.adoc, before:

== Explore Data and Create Custom Policies

After xref:build-modify-queries.adoc[building a query], you can analyze the results to perform an in-depth analysis of security issues across your entire engineering ecosystem. You can explore your cloud security environment and combine the deep security context to find the risky areas you want your organization to focus on. For example, you want to find which assets in your cloud are impacted by the latest log5j vulnerability, investigate the latest incidents identified in your environment, and explore what risk factors could have contributed to the incident. You can point and click to quickly and easily explore your cloud assets and security data without the need to learn a new complex query language. 

image::search-and-investigate/explore-data-1.png[]
//image::search-and-investigate/investigate-example-query-results.png[]

The query result, displayed in *Graph View* includes the following components:

* xref:nodes[Nodes]: Assets of a repository that can include entities.
* xref:edges[Edges]: Connections between nodes.
* *Export*: Download graph data as a .png image or JSON file.
* *Controls*: Zoom and reset.

[#nodes]
=== Nodes

To view a node's details, select on a node on the graph or right-click on a node and select *Info*. The *Details* panel opens, displaying the node's details as well as entities grouped under the node. The node's edges and connections to other nodes are also displayed on the graph.

*Node Entities*

Nodes of the same type are grouped and displayed under a single group node. A number in the node indicates that the node is a group node, as well as the number of entities in the group. You can view all entities, entity details, and extract an entity from the group and display it independently on the graph.

[cols="50%a,50%a"]
|===
|*Action on Nodes*
|*Steps*

|*View all entities of a group node*
|. Open the group node *Details* panel.
. Click on the group node and select a node under the *Expanded nodes field*. The node is regrouped under the group node and is displayed under the *Collapsed node* field, or
. Right-click on an extracted node on the graph and select *Collapse*. The entity is regrouped in the group node.

|*Extract an entity from the group node*
|. Click on an entity in the *Details* panel. 
+
The selected entity moves to the *Expanded* nodes field, or
. Right-click on a group node and select *Expand*.
//add more info after *Expand*
+
[NOTE]
====
When clicking on an entity in the Details panel, the entity is extracted from the node group and presented on the graph as an individual node.
====

|*View an extracted entity's details*
|. Click on the entity in the *Details* panel, or
. Right-click on a group node on the graph, select *Expand*, right-click on the extracted node, and select *Info*.

|*Regroup extracted nodes*
|. Open the group node Details panel, click on the group node and select a node under the *Expanded* nodes field. The node is regrouped under the group node and is displayed under the *Collapsed node* field, or
. Right-click on an extracted node on the graph and select *Collapse*. The entity is regrouped in the group node.

|*Regroup all extracted nodes*
|Right-click on an extracted node on the graph and select *Collapse All*. All extracted nodes are regrouped in the group node.

|===

[#edges]
=== Edges

Edges are the connections that display the relationships between nodes. The path arrow indicates the direction between the source and target node. 

[cols="50%a,50%a"]
|===
|*Action on Edges*
|*Steps*

|*View the relationship between a node and edge*
|Click on a node. The node's connections to other nodes are displayed. Details of the relationship including the type and direction of the relation are displayed.

|*View details of a connection*
|Click on a connection. The connection *Details* panel opens, displaying the source and target nodes connected by the connection, as well as the type of connection.

|===


In the *Graph* mode, you can select a node to preview the highlights. Select *View Details* to view the asset details. *Attack Paths* display the attack paths applicable to the particular asset. *Alerts* display the alert details.

image::search-and-investigate/explore-data-2.png[]

The graph displays nodes and edges. However, there still can be too many results for you to take any meaningful action. To narrow down your search and cater to your specific needs, you can refine your query with a few simple clicks and add additional context. For example, you can add more asset types to broaden the scope if needed, or introduce new findings into the combination, or add other filters such as, cloud accounts to focus on a specific team or business unit.

In this case, consider you want to find out if any bad actor is utilizing these factors to conduct crypto mining activities. You can simply search for _crypto_ and add this finding to your query. If you also want to specifically find assets with critical vulnerabilities, you can easily add the corresponding filters before running the search again.

After re-running the search, you will get a newly rendered graph and your search results have narrowed down from many options to the most important one to help you focus. This also allows you to see not only what could go wrong, but also what has gone wrong in your environment. Finally, you can also expand the vulnerability group to view the specific CVEs and trigger remediation actions directly from here. 

Next, you can select *Save > Save as New Saved Search*, update the query title and description, and *Save* this as a new query. By default, the title for the query will be *Cloned:<query name>*. 

image::search-and-investigate/explore-data-3.png[]

//*View Mode*--graph vs. table details?

=== Create Custom Policies

Most enterprises have specific requirements and want to create custom policies that are aligned with the organizational needs. After you have searched for assets based on asset attributes and security contexts, you can create custom policies for risky assets to better remediate risks and secure your cloud environments.

In the above example when you narrowed your search results to a specific query, you found a very unique and valuable attack path. Now, you have to make sure that there is a security guardrail to automatically alert your security teams if your application is at risk with this combination. 

* Select *Save > Save as Policy*. Prisma Cloud saves the search before converting it to a policy. 
+
image::search-and-investigate/save-policy-1.png[]
* Select *Save and Create Policy* to add or update policy name, description (optional), severity, and labels (optional).
* In *Create a Query*, use the saved search or update the findings and launch a new search. 
+
image::search-and-investigate/save-policy-2.png[]
* Add *Recommendation for Remediation* (optional) and select *Submit* to create a new Attack Path policy based on the saved query.

With the powerful graph visualization provided by Prisma Cloud, you can now easily set up custom policies to further improve your security posture.

Commit message:

text and image added for RLP-115425 (#401)

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/search-and-investigate/explore-data.adoc, after:

== Explore Data and Create Custom Policies

After xref:build-modify-queries.adoc[building a query], you can analyze the results to perform an in-depth analysis of security issues across your entire engineering ecosystem. You can explore your cloud security environment and combine the deep security context to find the risky areas you want your organization to focus on. For example, you want to find which assets in your cloud are impacted by the latest log5j vulnerability, investigate the latest incidents identified in your environment, and explore what risk factors could have contributed to the incident. You can point and click to quickly and easily explore your cloud assets and security data without the need to learn a new complex query language. 

image::search-and-investigate/explore-data-1.png[]
//image::search-and-investigate/investigate-example-query-results.png[]

The query result, displayed in *Graph View* includes the following components:

* xref:nodes[Nodes]: Assets of a repository that can include entities.
* xref:edges[Edges]: Connections between nodes.
* *Export*: Download graph data as a .png image or JSON file.
* *Controls*: Zoom and reset.

[#nodes]
=== Nodes

To view a node's details, select on a node on the graph or right-click on a node and select *Info*. The *Details* panel opens, displaying the node's details as well as entities grouped under the node. The node's edges and connections to other nodes are also displayed on the graph.

*Node Entities*

Nodes of the same type are grouped and displayed under a single group node. A number in the node indicates that the node is a group node, as well as the number of entities in the group. You can view all entities, entity details, and extract an entity from the group and display it independently on the graph.

[cols="50%a,50%a"]
|===
|*Action on Nodes*
|*Steps*

|*View all entities of a group node*
|. Open the group node *Details* panel.
. Click on the group node and select a node under the *Expanded nodes field*. The node is regrouped under the group node and is displayed under the *Collapsed node* field, or
. Right-click on an extracted node on the graph and select *Collapse*. The entity is regrouped in the group node.

|*Extract an entity from the group node*
|. Click on an entity in the *Details* panel. 
+
The selected entity moves to the *Expanded* nodes field, or
. Right-click on a group node and select *Expand*.
//add more info after *Expand*
+
[NOTE]
====
When clicking on an entity in the Details panel, the entity is extracted from the node group and presented on the graph as an individual node.
====

|*View an extracted entity's details*
|. Click on the entity in the *Details* panel, or
. Right-click on a group node on the graph, select *Expand*, right-click on the extracted node, and select *Info*.

|*Regroup extracted nodes*
|. Open the group node Details panel, click on the group node and select a node under the *Expanded* nodes field. The node is regrouped under the group node and is displayed under the *Collapsed node* field, or
. Right-click on an extracted node on the graph and select *Collapse*. The entity is regrouped in the group node.

|*Regroup all extracted nodes*
|Right-click on an extracted node on the graph and select *Collapse All*. All extracted nodes are regrouped in the group node.

|===

[#edges]
=== Edges

Edges are the connections that display the relationships between nodes. The path arrow indicates the direction between the source and target node. 

[cols="50%a,50%a"]
|===
|*Action on Edges*
|*Steps*

|*View the relationship between a node and edge*
|Click on a node. The node's connections to other nodes are displayed. Details of the relationship including the type and direction of the relation are displayed.

|*View details of a connection*
|Click on a connection. The connection *Details* panel opens, displaying the source and target nodes connected by the connection, as well as the type of connection.

|===


In the *Graph* mode, you can select a node to preview the highlights. Select *View Details* to view the asset details. *Attack Paths* display the attack paths applicable to the particular asset. *Alerts* display the alert details.

image::search-and-investigate/explore-data-2.png[]

The graph displays nodes and edges. However, there still can be too many results for you to take any meaningful action. To narrow down your search and cater to your specific needs, you can refine your query with a few simple clicks and add additional context. For example, you can add more asset types to broaden the scope if needed, or introduce new findings into the combination, or add other filters such as, cloud accounts to focus on a specific team or business unit.

In this case, consider you want to find out if any bad actor is utilizing these factors to conduct crypto mining activities. You can simply search for _crypto_ and add this finding to your query. If you also want to specifically find assets with critical vulnerabilities, you can easily add the corresponding filters before running the search again.

After re-running the search, you will get a newly rendered graph and your search results have narrowed down from many options to the most important one to help you focus. This also allows you to see not only what could go wrong, but also what has gone wrong in your environment. Finally, you can also expand the vulnerability group to view the specific CVEs and trigger remediation actions directly from here. 

Next, you can select *Save > Save as New Saved Search*, update the query title and description, and *Save* this as a new query. By default, the title for the query will be *Cloned:<query name>*. 

image::search-and-investigate/explore-data-3.png[]

NOTE: The *Findings* count displayed on the node icon (for example, 35) does not match the number displayed next to *Findings* in the preview card (for example, 29). Refer to the *Findings* number displayed in the preview card (29) since it's near realtime and provides a more accurate count. 

image::search-and-investigate/findings-count-mismatch.png[]

//*View Mode*--graph vs. table details?

=== Create Custom Policies

Most enterprises have specific requirements and want to create custom policies that are aligned with the organizational needs. After you have searched for assets based on asset attributes and security contexts, you can create custom policies for risky assets to better remediate risks and secure your cloud environments.

In the above example when you narrowed your search results to a specific query, you found a very unique and valuable attack path. Now, you have to make sure that there is a security guardrail to automatically alert your security teams if your application is at risk with this combination. 

* Select *Save > Save as Policy*. Prisma Cloud saves the search before converting it to a policy. 
+
image::search-and-investigate/save-policy-1.png[]
* Select *Save and Create Policy* to add or update policy name, description (optional), severity, and labels (optional).
* In *Create a Query*, use the saved search or update the findings and launch a new search. 
+
image::search-and-investigate/save-policy-2.png[]
* Add *Recommendation for Remediation* (optional) and select *Submit* to create a new Attack Path policy based on the saved query.

With the powerful graph visualization provided by Prisma Cloud, you can now easily set up custom policies to further improve your security posture.
