docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/get-started/connect-code-and-build-providers/ci-cd-runs/add-terraform-run-tasks.adoc, before:

:topic_type: task

[.task]
== Connect Terraform Cloud (Run Tasks)

Integrate Prisma Cloud with Terraform Cloud (Run Tasks) to allow dynamic, automated, and context-specific scans in your Terraform workspace.

With the integration of Terraform Cloud, Prisma Cloud, scans your Terraform frameworks to identify misconfigurations based on Prisma Cloud's default policies, as well as custom policies created by your organization for specific needs. This scanning process occurs whenever changes are pushed or triggered in your workflow, ensuring security checks are integrated seamlessly. Prisma Cloud identifies issues such as misconfigurations in your infrastructure-as-code (IaC) files, software composition analysis (SCA) vulnerabilities^*^, exposed secrets, and license non-compliance as soon as they are introduced. 

^*^Prisma Cloud performs 'Image Referencer' scans to analyze the contents, dependencies, and configurations of container images in order to detect known vulnerabilities, as full SCA scans are not supported for Terraform Cloud (Run Tasks).

Each identified issue can either be resolved or suppressed on the Prisma Cloud console. Additionally, Prisma Cloud offers automated shift-left actions such as notifying developers or creating tickets, based on scan results.

Integrating Terraform Cloud (Run Tasks) with Prisma Cloud is performed at the workspace level. This means that you need to set up the integration between Terraform Cloud (Run Tasks) with Prisma Cloud for each workspace that you intend to scan.

NOTE: The following integration includes workflows involving third party tools such as Terraform and GitHub. These are general guidelines only, intended to help you. You must always follow the official third party documentation.

[.procedure]

. Before you begin:
+
* Procure a license for Prisma Cloud with the Application Security module enabled* 
* Procure a https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing[Terraform cloud license] that is either a trial license or a TF Cloud license at the TEAM & GOVERNANCE level  
* *Permissions*: Grant the user or team the following permissions: *Manage Workspaces* permissions at the organization level or *Administrator* permissions on the workspace(s) being integrated.
* Create a Terraform 'Organization' and 'Workspace'. Refer to xref:add-terraform-cloud-sentinel.adoc[Terraform Cloud (Sentinel)] for more on creating organizations and workspaces

. On *Terraform Cloud*, create a Terraform *api token* for your user.
.. Select your user/profile icon > *User Settings*.
.. Select the *Tokens* section from the left side menu.
.. Click *Create an API token* and provide a description > Select *Create API token*. 
.. Copy and save the token > *Done*. 
+
NOTE: Skip this step if you plan on using an existing token. 

. On Prisma Cloud console

.. In *Application Security*, select *Home* > *Settings* > *Connect Provider* > *Code & Build Providers*.
+
image::application-security/connect-provider-menu.png[]

.. Select *Terraform Cloud (Run Tasks)* (under CI/CD Runs) in the catalog that is displayed.
+
image::application-security/connect-provider.png[]
+
The *Configure Account* step of the integration wizard is displayed.

image::application-security/tf-runtasks-config-account-wizard.png[]

. Provide your Terraform User or Team token generated in step 1 above > *Next*.
+
The *Select Organization* step of the integration wizard is displayed.

. Select a Terraform organization from the menu to establish webhook integrations with Prisma Cloud for Terraform > *Next*.
+
The *Select Workspace* step of the integration wizard is displayed.

. Select a Terraform workspace from the menu.
+
NOTE: You can select multiple workspaces for Prisma Cloud to scan during the Terraform Cloud run lifecycle. Each integration can only be associated with a single Terraform Cloud organization at any given time. However, you can create multiple integrations with multiple Terraform Enterprise organizations from a single Prisma Cloud account.

. Select an option from the *Run Stage* list:
+
* *Post-plan*: The scan runs after Terraform generates the plan
* *Pre-plan*: The scan runs before Terraform generates the plan
+
NOTE: Prisma Cloud performs a scan of Terraform templates on selected workspaces based on the Run Stage.

. Select *Next*.
+
The *Status* step of the integration wizard opens, displaying an integration status message. 

. Select *Done*.
+
NOTE: On completing the integration, an event hook is created in the Terraform organization to receive run task notifications on Prisma Cloud. 

. Verify integration: In *Application Security*, select *Home* > *Settings* > *CI/CD Runs* tab.
+
Your integrated Terraform repositories will be displayed. 

. Next step: Monitor and manage scan results.
+
Following the integration, the subsequent Terraform scan will automatically incorporate the selected repositories.

To view scan results and resolve issues, select *Application Security* > *Projects* > *CI/CD Runs* tab. See xref:../../../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/monitor-code-build-issues.adoc[here] for more information.  

=== Manage Integrations
 
You can view, modify, delete and add integrations. 

[#access-management]
==== Access Integration Management

To access integration management, in *Application Security*, select *Settings* > *Connect Provider* > *Code & Build Providers* > *Terraform Cloud (Run Tasks)* (under CI/CD Runs).
+
The *Terraform Cloud Run Tasks* popup opens, displaying a list of configured accounts.

[.task]
==== Modify Integrations

Modify existing integrations by choosing an alternative workspace.

[.procedure]

. <<#access-management,Access Integration Management>>.
. Select the menu under the *Actions* column of an account.
. Click *Reselect workspaces*.
+
The *Select Workspace* step of the integration wizard is displayed.
. Select a workspace and complete the remaining steps in the integration wizard.

==== Add Integrations

Add additional integrations as needed to expand your workflow.

. <<#access-management,Access Integration Management>>.
. Select the menu under the *Actions* column of an account.

. Select *Add an account*.
+
The *Configure Account* step of the integration wizard is displayed. 
. Repeat the integration process above.

==== View Integrations

View a list of integrations on a single console. 

. <<#access-management,Access Integration Management>>.
+
The *Terraform Cloud Run Tasks* popup displays a list of integrations,including their organization and workspace.

==== Delete Integrations

. <<#access-management,Access Integration Management>>.
. Select the menu under the *Actions* column of an organization.
. Click *Delete integration*.
+
NOTE: If you have a single integration within the account, deleting the existing integration will delete the account configuration on Prisma Cloud console.

Commit message:

Modified TF Enterprise as well as content ofr TF Cloud

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/get-started/connect-code-and-build-providers/ci-cd-runs/add-terraform-run-tasks.adoc, after:

:topic_type: task

[.task]
== Connect Terraform Cloud (Run Tasks)

Integrate Prisma Cloud with Terraform Cloud (Run Tasks) to allow dynamic, automated, and context-specific scans in your Terraform workspace.

With the integration of Terraform Cloud, Prisma Cloud, scans your Terraform frameworks to identify misconfigurations based on Prisma Cloud's default policies, as well as custom policies created by your organization for specific needs. This scanning process occurs whenever changes are pushed or triggered in your workflow, ensuring security checks are integrated seamlessly. Prisma Cloud identifies issues such as misconfigurations in your infrastructure-as-code (IaC) files, software composition analysis (SCA) vulnerabilities^*^, exposed secrets, and license non-compliance as soon as they are introduced. 

^*^Prisma Cloud performs 'Image Referencer' scans to analyze the contents, dependencies, and configurations of container images in order to detect known vulnerabilities, as full SCA scans are not supported for Terraform Cloud (Run Tasks).

Runs in Terraform are performed within a workspace, or a working directory when running Terraform locally. The workspace provides providing the configuration, state, and variables for the run. Terraform Enterprise maintains a run queue, processing runs sequentially. Each run progresses through multiple run stages; pending, plan, cost estimation, policy check, apply, and completion. 

Users can monitor the run status (pass/fail) and remediate issues directly on the Prisma Cloud console. Prisma Cloud offers automated shift-left actions such as notifying developers or creating tickets, based on scan results. In addition, you can track the run status on Terraform Enterprise through streamlined run task reviews, which offer detailed descriptions of violations and fixes provided by Prisma Cloud within their Terraform deployment environment. For more information about streamlined tasks, refer to https://www.hashicorp.com/blog/terraform-cloud-adds-streamlined-run-task-reviews.


NOTE: The following integration includes workflows involving third party tools such as Terraform and GitHub. These are general guidelines only, intended to help you. You must always follow the official third party documentation.

[.procedure]

. Before you begin.
+
* Procure a license for Prisma Cloud with the Application Security module enabled* 
* Procure a https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing[Terraform cloud license] that is either a trial license or a TF Cloud license at the TEAM & GOVERNANCE level  
* *Permissions*: Grant the user or team the following permissions: *Manage Workspaces* permissions at the organization level or *Administrator* permissions on the workspace(s) being integrated.
* Create a Terraform *Organization* and *Workspace*.  
+
To create a Terraform organization refer to https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/organizations.html#create-an-organization.
+
To create a Terraform workspace refer to https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/workspaces/create.html.

. On *Terraform Cloud*, create a Terraform *api token* for your user.
.. Select your user/profile icon > *User Settings*.
.. Select the *Tokens* section from the left side menu.
.. Click *Create an API token* and provide a description > Select *Create API token*. 
.. Copy and save the token > *Done*. 
+
NOTE: Skip this step if you plan on using an existing token. 

. On the Prisma Cloud Application Security console.

.. In *Application Security*, select *Home* > *Settings* > *Connect Provider* > *Code & Build Providers*.
+
image::application-security/connect-provider-menu.png[]

.. Select *Terraform Cloud (Run Tasks)* (under CI/CD Runs) in the catalog that is displayed.
+
image::application-security/connect-provider.png[]
+
The *Configure Account* step of the integration wizard is displayed.

image::application-security/tf-runtasks-config-account-wizard.png[]

. Provide your Terraform 'User' or 'Team' token generated in step 1 above > *Next*.
+
The *Select Organization* step of the integration wizard is displayed.

. Select a Terraform organization from the menu to establish webhook integrations with Prisma Cloud for Terraform > *Next*.
+
The *Select Workspace* step of the integration wizard is displayed.

. Select a Terraform workspace to scan during the Terraform Cloud run lifecycle.
+
NOTE: You can select multiple workspaces for Prisma Cloud to scan during the Terraform Cloud run lifecycle. Each integration can only be associated with a single Terraform Cloud organization at any given time. However, you can create multiple integrations with multiple Terraform Enterprise organizations from a single Prisma Cloud account.

. Select an option from the *Run Stage* list:
+
* *Post-plan*: The scan runs after Terraform generates the plan
* *Pre-plan*: The scan runs before Terraform generates the plan
+
NOTE: Prisma Cloud performs a scan of Terraform templates on selected workspaces based on the Run Stage.

. Select *Next*.
+
The *Status* step of the integration wizard opens, displaying an integration status message. 

. Select *Done*.
+
NOTE: On completing the integration, an event hook is created in the Terraform organization to receive run task notifications on Prisma Cloud. 

. Verify integration: In *Application Security*, select *Home* > *Settings* > *CI/CD Runs* tab.
+
Your integrated Terraform repositories will be displayed. 
+
NOTE: A Terraform Enterprise run may fail if a Run Task configuration for a workspace is set at *Mandatory.* You can re-configure the severity level using xref:../../../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/enforcement.adoc[Enforcement].

. Next step: Monitor and manage scan results.
+
Following the integration, the subsequent Terraform scan will automatically incorporate the selected repositories.

To view scan results and resolve issues, select *Application Security* > *Projects* > *CI/CD Runs* tab. See xref:../../../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/monitor-code-build-issues.adoc[here] for more information.  

=== Manage Integrations
 
You can view, modify, delete and add integrations. 

[#access-management]
==== Access Integration Management

To access integration management, in *Application Security*, select *Settings* > *Connect Provider* > *Code & Build Providers* > *Terraform Cloud (Run Tasks)* (under CI/CD Runs).
+
The *Terraform Cloud Run Tasks* popup opens, displaying a list of configured accounts.

[.task]
==== Modify Integrations

Modify existing integrations by choosing an alternative workspace.

[.procedure]

. <<#access-management,Access Integration Management>>.
. Select the menu under the *Actions* column of an account.
. Click *Reselect workspaces*.
+
The *Select Workspace* step of the integration wizard is displayed.
. Select a workspace and complete the remaining steps in the integration wizard.

==== Add Integrations

Add additional integrations as needed to expand your workflow.

. <<#access-management,Access Integration Management>>.
. Select the menu under the *Actions* column of an account.

. Select *Add an account*.
+
The *Configure Account* step of the integration wizard is displayed. 
. Repeat the integration process above.

==== View Integrations

View a list of integrations on a single console. 

. <<#access-management,Access Integration Management>>.
+
The *Terraform Cloud Run Tasks* popup displays a list of integrations,including their organization and workspace.

==== Delete Integrations

. <<#access-management,Access Integration Management>>.
. Select the menu under the *Actions* column of an organization.
. Click *Delete integration*.
+
NOTE: If you have a single integration within the account, deleting the existing integration will delete the account configuration on Prisma Cloud console.
