docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/get-started/connect-code-and-build-providers/ci-cd-runs/add-checkov.adoc, before:

:topic_type: task

[.task]

== Connect Checkov  

Integrate Prisma Cloud  with Checkov, a static code analysis tool designed to scan code for Infrastructure-as-Code (IaC) misconfigurations, Software Composition Analysis (SCA) issues, exposed secrets and license non-compliance.

See https://www.checkov.io/2.Basics/Visualizing%20Checkov%20Output.html[Visualizing Checkov Output] for more on Checkov.

[.procedure]

. Before you begin.
.. xref:../../../../administration/create-access-keys.adoc[Generate and copy the Prisma Cloud access key] to enable access to Prisma Cloud. The access key includes a key ID and secret.
.. Add the Prisma Cloud IP addresses and hostname for Application Security to an xref:../../../../get-started/console-prerequisites.adoc[allow list] to enable access to the Prisma Cloud Console. 
.. Grant *Administrator* permissions in the relevant organization to the Prisma user installing Checkov.
.. Best Practice (*Mandatory* for SCA vulnerability suppression): Run Checkov within your current working directory (<current_directory_path>), and ensure that the `--repo-id` parameter matches the exact name of the directory.

* Example: Present working directory is `Users/xxx/Downloads/<current directory>` (It is recommended to use the absolute file path). In this case, the `--repo-id` parameter must be: `--repo-id <current directory>`, ensuring that it precisely matches the directory name.   

. On the Prisma Cloud console.

.. In Application Security, select *Home* > *Settings* > *Connect Provider* > *Code & Build Providers*.
+
image::application-security/connect-provider-menu.png[]

.. Select *Checkov* (under CI/CD Runs) in the catalog that is displayed.
+
image::application-security/connect-provider.png[]
+
The Checkov integration wizard is displayed.

.. Select a CLI installation tool from the *Install Checkov* step > Copy the provided command > *Next*.
+
NOTES:
+
* CLI tool options: Homebrew (MacOS), Python (pip), Python3 (pip3)
* Checkov requires Python version 3.8 - 3.10.
* For additional installation methods, see https://www.checkov.io/2.Basics/Installing%20Checkov.html[Installing Checkov].

.. Configure the following attributes in the *Set attributes for CLI command* step of the wizard. 
+
* *Directory*. Required. Hint: IaC root directory
* *Repository ID*.  Required.  Hint: The identity string of the repository `<repo_owner>/<repo_name>`
* *Branch*. Optional. Default: master

.. Select *Next*.


. Trigger a Checkov run from the CLI: Copy the following command to your CLI.
+
NOTE: Replace `<PRISMA_ACCESS_KEY>::<PRISMA_SECRET_KEY>` with your corresponding access key ID and secret.
+
[source.shell]
----
export PRISMA_API_URL=https://api2.prismacloud.io checkov -d Sa --bc-api-key PRISMA_ACCESS_KEY::PRISMA_SECRET_KEY --repo-id <current_directory_path> --<repo_owner>/<repo_name> Sa --branch Sa
----
+
NOTE: See the Checkov https://www.checkov.io/2.Basics/CLI%20Command%20Reference.html[CLI Command Reference] for more advanced Checkov run settings, such  as `--file`, `--check`, `--framework`. 


. Select *Done*.

. Next Step.

* To view connected repositories, in *Application Security* select *Home* > *Projects* > *CI/CD Runs* tab. 
* To view scan results and resolve issues, in *Application Security* select *Home* > *Projects*. See xref:../../../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/monitor-and-manage-code-build.adoc[Monitor and Manage Code Build Issues] for more information  

=== Example Usage

The following example displays the Checkov configuration for scanning the root directory and  synchronizing results with the tenant in the App2 stack tenant using xref:../../../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/enforcement.adoc[Enforcement] to set thresholds.

* MAC OS
+
[source.shell]
----
export PRISMA_API_URL=https://api2.prismacloud.io
export BC_API_KEY=prismaaccesskey::prismasecretkey
checkov -d . --repo-id <current_directory_path> --<repo_owner>/<repo_name> org/repo --use-enforcement-rules
----

* Windows
+
[source.shell]
----
set PRISMA_API_URL=https://api2.prismacloud.io
set BC_API_KEY=prismaaccesskey::prismasecretkey
checkov -d . --repo-id <current_directory_path> --<repo_owner>/<repo_name> org/repo --use-enforcement-rules
----

Commit message:

revised structure according to guyg's comment

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/get-started/connect-code-and-build-providers/ci-cd-runs/add-checkov.adoc, after:

:topic_type: task

[.task]

== Connect Checkov  

Integrate Prisma Cloud  with Checkov, a static code analysis tool designed to scan code for Infrastructure-as-Code (IaC) misconfigurations, Software Composition Analysis (SCA) issues, exposed secrets and license non-compliance.

See https://www.checkov.io/2.Basics/Visualizing%20Checkov%20Output.html[Visualizing Checkov Output] for more on Checkov.

[.procedure]

. Before you begin.
.. xref:../../../../administration/create-access-keys.adoc[Generate and copy the Prisma Cloud access key] to enable access to Prisma Cloud. The access key includes a key ID and secret.
.. Add the Prisma Cloud IP addresses and hostname for Application Security to an xref:../../../../get-started/console-prerequisites.adoc[allow list] to enable access to the Prisma Cloud Console. 
.. Grant *Administrator* permissions in the relevant organization to the Prisma user installing Checkov.
.. Best Practice (*Mandatory* for SCA vulnerability suppression): Run Checkov within your current working directory (<current_directory_path>), and ensure that the *--repo-id* parameter includes the `<repo_owner>/<repo_name>` structure, with the <repo_name> matching the exact name of the directory.
+
Example: Suppose the present working directory is `Users/xxx/Downloads/<current directory>` (It is recommended to use the absolute file path). In this case, the '--repo-id' parameter must be: `--repo-id <repo_owner>/<current directory>`, ensuring that it precisely matches the directory name within the structure.

. On the Prisma Cloud console.

.. In Application Security, select *Home* > *Settings* > *Connect Provider* > *Code & Build Providers*.
+
image::application-security/connect-provider-menu.png[]

.. Select *Checkov* (under CI/CD Runs) in the catalog that is displayed.
+
image::application-security/connect-provider.png[]
+
The Checkov integration wizard is displayed.

.. Select a CLI installation tool from the *Install Checkov* step > Copy the provided command > *Next*.
+
NOTES:
+
* CLI tool options: Homebrew (MacOS), Python (pip), Python3 (pip3)
* Checkov requires Python version 3.8 - 3.10.
* For additional installation methods, see https://www.checkov.io/2.Basics/Installing%20Checkov.html[Installing Checkov].

.. Configure the following attributes in the *Set attributes for CLI command* step of the wizard. 
+
* *Directory*. Required. Hint: IaC root directory
* *Repository ID*.  Required.  Hint: The identity string of the repository `<repo_owner>/<repo_name>`
* *Branch*. Optional. Default: master

.. Select *Next*.


. Trigger a Checkov run from the CLI: Copy the following command to your CLI.
+
NOTE: Replace `<PRISMA_ACCESS_KEY>::<PRISMA_SECRET_KEY>` with your corresponding access key ID and secret.
+
[source.shell]
----
export PRISMA_API_URL=https://api2.prismacloud.io checkov -d Sa --bc-api-key PRISMA_ACCESS_KEY::PRISMA_SECRET_KEY --repo-id <current_directory_path> --<repo_owner>/<repo_name> Sa --branch Sa
----
+
NOTE: See the Checkov https://www.checkov.io/2.Basics/CLI%20Command%20Reference.html[CLI Command Reference] for more advanced Checkov run settings, such  as `--file`, `--check`, `--framework`. 


. Select *Done*.

. Next Step.

* To view connected repositories, in *Application Security* select *Home* > *Projects* > *CI/CD Runs* tab. 
* To view scan results and resolve issues, in *Application Security* select *Home* > *Projects*. See xref:../../../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/monitor-and-manage-code-build.adoc[Monitor and Manage Code Build Issues] for more information  

=== Example Usage

The following example displays the Checkov configuration for scanning the root directory and  synchronizing results with the tenant in the App2 stack tenant using xref:../../../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/enforcement.adoc[Enforcement] to set thresholds.

* MAC OS
+
[source.shell]
----
export PRISMA_API_URL=https://api2.prismacloud.io
export BC_API_KEY=prismaaccesskey::prismasecretkey
checkov -d . --repo-id <current_directory_path> --<repo_owner>/<repo_name> org/repo --use-enforcement-rules
----

* Windows
+
[source.shell]
----
set PRISMA_API_URL=https://api2.prismacloud.io
set BC_API_KEY=prismaaccesskey::prismasecretkey
checkov -d . --repo-id <current_directory_path> --<repo_owner>/<repo_name> org/repo --use-enforcement-rules
----
