docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/get-started/connect-code-and-build-providers/ci-cd-runs/add-circleci.adoc, before:

:topic_type: task

[.task]
== Connect CircleCI  

Integrate Prisma Cloud with your CircleCI system to allow dynamic, automated, and context-specific scans within your development workflow. This includes continuous scanning of your workflow whenever changes are pushed or triggered, integrating security checks, and catching issues as soon as they are introduced. Additionally, it automates shift-left actions such as notifying developers or creating tickets, based on scan results.

[.procedure]
. Before you begin.
.. xref:../../../../administration/create-access-keys.adoc[Generate and copy the Prisma Cloud access key] to enable access to Prisma Cloud. The access key includes a key ID and secret.
.. Add the Prisma Cloud IP addresses and hostname for Application Security to an xref:../../../../get-started/console-prerequisites.adoc[allow list] to enable access to the Prisma Cloud Console 
.. Grant the Prisma user integrating Prisma Cloud with CircleCI *Administrator* user permissions. 

. On the Prisma Cloud Application Security console.
.. In Application Security, select *Home* > *Settings* > *Connect Provider* > *Code & Build Providers*.
+
image::application-security/connect-provider-menu.png[]

.. Select *CircleCI* (under CI/CD Runs) in the catalog that is displayed.
+
image::application-security/connect-provider.png[]
+
The *Add Environment Variable* step of the integration wizard opens.
. Add the Prisma Cloud access key as an environment variable in CircleCI.
.. Copy the Prisma access key name from the *Name* field.
.. Enter your access key ID and secret generated in step 1.1 above in the *Value* step > *Next*.
+
NOTE: Access key format: `PRISMA_ACCESS_KEY::PRISMA_SECRET_KEY`.

. Modify your *.circleci/config.yaml* file using the following code, and select *Done*.
+
NOTE: The `prisma-api-url` value is environment-specific. Therefore, replace the value with the appropriate value for your environment.  
+
[source.yml]
----
version: 2.1
orbs:
  bridgecrew: bridgecrew/checkov@1.0.5
jobs:
  build:
    executor: checkov/default
    steps:
      - checkout
      - checkov/scan:
          directory: .
          api-key-variable: BC_API_KEY 
          prisma-api-url: https://api2.prismacloud.io
----


. Verify integration.In *Application Security*, select *Home* > *Settings* > *CI/CD Runs* tab.
+
Your integrated CircleCI repositories will be displayed. You may have to wait for up to three minutes before the status of the integration is updated.

. Next step: Monitor and manage scan results.
+
* The next CircleCI scan will automatically include the selected repositories
* To view scan results and resolve issues, in *Application Security* select *Home* > *Projects*. See xref:../../../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/monitor-and-manage-code-build.adoc[Monitor and Manage Code Build Issues] for more information

Commit message:

Fix step 3 of CircleCI run integration

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/get-started/connect-code-and-build-providers/ci-cd-runs/add-circleci.adoc, after:

:topic_type: task

[.task]
== Connect CircleCI  

Integrate Prisma Cloud with your CircleCI system to allow dynamic, automated, and context-specific scans within your development workflow. This includes continuous scanning of your workflow whenever changes are pushed or triggered, integrating security checks, and catching issues as soon as they are introduced. Additionally, it automates shift-left actions such as notifying developers or creating tickets, based on scan results.

[.procedure]
. Before you begin.
.. xref:../../../../administration/create-access-keys.adoc[Generate and copy the Prisma Cloud access key] to enable access to Prisma Cloud. The access key includes a key ID and secret.
.. Add the Prisma Cloud IP addresses and hostname for Application Security to an xref:../../../../get-started/console-prerequisites.adoc[allow list] to enable access to the Prisma Cloud Console 
.. Grant the Prisma user integrating Prisma Cloud with CircleCI *Administrator* user permissions. 

. On the Prisma Cloud Application Security console.
.. In Application Security, select *Home* > *Settings* > *Connect Provider* > *Code & Build Providers*.
+
image::application-security/connect-provider-menu.png[]

.. Select *CircleCI* (under CI/CD Runs) in the catalog that is displayed.
+
image::application-security/connect-provider.png[]
+
The *Add Environment Variable* step of the integration wizard opens.
. Add the Prisma Cloud access key to your CircleCI Secrets as an environment variable.
.. Copy the Prisma access key name from the *Name* field.
.. Copy the Prisma Cloud Access key ID and secret.  
+
NOTE: Access key format: `PRISMA_ACCESS_KEY::PRISMA_SECRET_KEY`.
.. In CircleCI: Locate the file for storing environment variables in your settings and create a variable by pasting the copied values into the provided fields and following any additional prompts or steps presented by CircleCI to finalize the creation of the environment variable.
+
For more on CircleCI environment variables refer to https://circleci.com/docs/env-vars/.
.. Click *Next*.

. Modify your *.circleci/config.yaml* file using the following code, and select *Done*.
+
NOTE: The `prisma-api-url` value is environment-specific. Therefore, replace the value with the appropriate value for your environment.  
+
[source.yml]
----
version: 2.1
orbs:
  bridgecrew: bridgecrew/checkov@1.0.5
jobs:
  build:
    executor: checkov/default
    steps:
      - checkout
      - checkov/scan:
          directory: .
          api-key-variable: BC_API_KEY 
          prisma-api-url: https://api2.prismacloud.io
----


. Verify integration: In *Application Security*, select *Home* > *Settings* > *CI/CD Runs* tab.
+
Your integrated CircleCI repositories will be displayed. You may have to wait for up to three minutes before the status of the integration is updated.

. Next step: Monitor and manage scan results.
+
* The next CircleCI scan will automatically include the selected repositories
* To view scan results and resolve issues, in *Application Security* select *Home* > *Projects*. See xref:../../../risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/monitor-and-manage-code-build.adoc[Monitor and Manage Code Build Issues] for more information
