docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/alerts/create-an-alert-rule-cloud-infrastructure.adoc, before:

:topic_type: task
[.task]
[#idd1af59f7-792f-42bf-9d63-12d29ca7a950]
== Create an Alert Rule for Cloud Infrastructure

//Use alert rules to define the target cloud accounts and policies for which you want to generate alerts and send notifications to an external  destination.

Prisma® Cloud starts monitoring your cloud environments as soon as you onboard your cloud account. A default alert rule is included out-of-the-box (OOTB), with a default account group attached to it that includes only the Prisma Cloud recommended OOTB policies. To view this list of policies, filter the policies with the *Prisma_Cloud* label. For example, you can define different alert rules and notification flows for your production and development cloud environments. You can also set up different alert rules for sending specific alerts to your existing SOC visibility tools, such as send one set of alerts to your security information and event management (SIEM) system and another set to Jira for automated ticketing.

If you xref:../administration/configure-external-integrations-on-prisma-cloud/configure-external-integrations-on-prisma-cloud.adoc[configure external integrations on Prisma Cloud] with third-party tools, defining granular alert rules enables you to send only the alerts you need to enhance your existing operational, ticketing, notification, and escalation workflows with the addition of Prisma Cloud alerts on policy violations in all your cloud environments. To see any existing integrations, select *Settings > Integrations & Notifications*.

To create an alert rule for workload protection, see xref:../governance/workload-protection-policies.adoc#create-alert-workload-policy[Workload Protection].


//When you create an alert rule, you can xref:view-respond-to-prisma-cloud-alerts.adoc[automatically remediate alerts], which enables Prisma Cloud to automatically run the CLI command required to remediate the policy violation directly in your cloud environments. Automated remediation is only available for default policies (Config policies only) that are designated as Remediable (image:remediable-icon.png[]).


[.procedure]
. Select *Alerts > View Alert Rules > Add Alert Rule*.

. In *Add Details*, enter a *Name* for the alert rule and optionally, a *Description* to communicate the purpose of the rule.

.. You can enable the optional *Auto-Actions*, *Alert Notifications*, and *Auto-Remediation* settings up front. If you enable any of these options, they are displayed as additional steps in the alert rule creation process, for example, if you enable *Alert Notifications*, the options to *Configure Notifications* is displayed.
+
[NOTE]
====
If you enable *Automated-Remediation*, the list of policies shows only Remediable policies.
====
+
.. Select *Next*.

. *Assign Targets* to add more granularity for which cloud resources trigger alerts for this alert rule, and then provide more criteria as needed:

.. Select the *Account Groups* to which you want this alert rule to apply.

.. *Exclude Cloud Accounts and Regions* from your selected Account Group—If there are some cloud accounts and regions in the selected account groups for which you do not want to trigger alerts, select the accounts and regions from the list.

.. Select *Include Tag assetLists* to easily manage or identify the type of your resources—To trigger alerts only for specific resources in the selected cloud accounts, enter the *Key* and *Value* of the resource tag you created for the resource in your cloud environment. Tags apply only to *Config* and *Network* policies. When you add multiple assettags, it uses the boolean logical OR operator.
+
image::alerts/add-alert-rule-assign-targets-1.png[]

.. After defining the target cloud resources, select *Next*.


. Select the policies for which you want this alert rule to trigger alerts and, optionally, xref:view-respond-to-prisma-cloud-alerts.adoc[automatically remediate alerts].

.. Either *Select All Policies* or select the specific policies that match the filter criteria for which you want to trigger alerts on this alert rule. Selecting *All Policies* will create a large volume of alerts. It is recommended that you use granular filtered selection for more relevant and targeted alerts specific to your requirement.

.. *Add Filter* to further define the policies you would like to filter on. Filter options include, *Policy Severity*, *Cloud Type*, *Compliance Standard*, and *Policy Label*. Table results are refreshed automatically, as you select the Filters. Select *Reset Filters* to remove a filter selection.
+
*Include new policies matching filter criteria* is enabled when you select at least one of the filters and then select all rows in the table by selecting the top checkbox in the first column of the table. When enabled, new policies that match the filter criteria will be automatically included and used to scan your cloud accounts.
+
tt:[IMPORTANT] When you add an alert rule policy filter, keep in mind that filters follow *AND* logic not *OR*. For instance, if you create an alert rule by selecting `policy label='Prisma Cloud'` with `Compliance standard='CIS v2'`, an AND rule is applied. Scans will return results with policies that have both the Prisma Cloud label and the CIS v2 compliance standard.

.. To find a specific group of policies for which you want this rule to alert:
+
* *Filter Results*—Enter a *Search* term to filter the list of policies to those with specific keywords.
* *Column Picker*—Click *Edit* (image:alerts/column-picker.png[]) to modify which columns to display.
* *Sort*—Click the corresponding *Sort* icon (image:alerts/sort-column.png[]) to sort on a specific column.
* *Fullscreen*—Click *View in Fullscreen mode* (image:alerts/add-alert-rule-fullscreen.png[])to see an expanded view of the table.

.. *Next*.

. (tt:[Optional]) You can automatically dismiss alerts that have specific tags as defined on the resource and added to the Resource Lists on Prisma Cloud. The details of the reason for dismissal is included in the alert rule L2 view. If you enabled *Auto-Actions* in the *Add Details* screen, when you update an alert rule, all existing alerts with matching tags are auto dismissed. When an alert has been dismissed and you update the alert rule, the alert will continue to stay dismissed. If you are interested, please reach out to Prisma Cloud Customer Support and submit a request to enable this feature on your tenant. The team will promptly review your request and inform you about your tenant's eligibility for LGA access.
+
Add a Reason, Requestor, and Approver for the automatic dismissal and click *Next*.

. (tt:[Optional]) xref:send-prisma-cloud-alert-notifications-to-third-party-tools.adoc#idcda01586-a091-497d-87b5-03f514c70b08[Send Prisma Cloud Alert Notifications to Third-Party Tools].
+
By default, all alerts triggered by the alert rule display on the *Alerts* page. If you xref:../administration/configure-external-integrations-on-prisma-cloud/configure-external-integrations-on-prisma-cloud.adoc#id24911ff9-c9ec-4503-bb3a-6cfce792a70d[Configure External Integrations on Prisma Cloud], you can also send Prisma Cloud alerts triggered by this alert rule to third-party tools. For example, you can send to xref:send-prisma-cloud-alert-notifications-to-third-party-tools.adoc#id84f16f30-a2d0-44b7-85b2-4beaaef2f5bc[Amazon SQS] or xref:send-prisma-cloud-alert-notifications-to-third-party-tools.adoc#id728ba82c-c17b-4e3e-baf2-131e292ec074[Jira]. 
+
If you want to delay the alert notifications for Config alerts, you can configure the Prisma Cloud to *Trigger notification for config alert only after the alert is open for* a specific number of minutes.
+
[NOTE]
====
The alert notifications delay that you configure for Config alerts does not affect the timing of any remediation that might occur with this alert.
====

. (tt:[Optional]) *Configure Notifications* to enable alert notifications for all states.
+
If you want to receive external notifications for when an existing alert status has changed, you can configure Prisma Cloud to generate alerts when an existing alert is *Dismissed*, *Snoozed*, or *Ignored*. The options for configuring the notification settings:
+
* *Notify when alert is*—Select this dialog box to configure the alert states; the *Open* state is enabled by default. After selecting the alert states, select the integration services that you want to generate alerts for.
* *Trigger notification for config alert only after the alert is open for*—Specify the length of time (in minutes) for which you want to wait before sending notifications after an alert is generated. This value does not apply for recurring (or scheduled) notifications.
+
[NOTE]
====
The ability to send notifications for all states is limited GA. If you are interested, please reach out to Prisma Cloud Customer Support and submit a request to enable this feature on your tenant. The team will review your request and inform you about your tenant's eligibility for LGA access. No alerts will be generated for the Jira and Cortex XSOAR integrations.
====

. View the *Summary* of all the alert rule. *Edit* if you want to change any setting and *Save* the alert rule.

. Verify that the alert rule you created is triggering alert notifications.
+
As soon as you save your alert rule, any policy violation for which you enabled alerts results in an alert notification on  *Alerts*, as well as in any third-party integrations designated in the alert rule. 

[NOTE]
====
Assets with the `global` region, for example, AWS IAM, are matched, even if a specific cloud region is selected in the alert rule.
====

Commit message:

[Alerts][pcsup-21253]Add maximum value accepted for alert triggering

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/alerts/create-an-alert-rule-cloud-infrastructure.adoc, after:

:topic_type: task
[.task]
[#idd1af59f7-792f-42bf-9d63-12d29ca7a950]
== Create an Alert Rule for Cloud Infrastructure

//Use alert rules to define the target cloud accounts and policies for which you want to generate alerts and send notifications to an external  destination.

Prisma® Cloud starts monitoring your cloud environments as soon as you onboard your cloud account. A default alert rule is included out-of-the-box (OOTB), with a default account group attached to it that includes only the Prisma Cloud recommended OOTB policies. To view this list of policies, filter the policies with the *Prisma_Cloud* label. For example, you can define different alert rules and notification flows for your production and development cloud environments. You can also set up different alert rules for sending specific alerts to your existing SOC visibility tools, such as send one set of alerts to your security information and event management (SIEM) system and another set to Jira for automated ticketing.

If you xref:../administration/configure-external-integrations-on-prisma-cloud/configure-external-integrations-on-prisma-cloud.adoc[configure external integrations on Prisma Cloud] with third-party tools, defining granular alert rules enables you to send only the alerts you need to enhance your existing operational, ticketing, notification, and escalation workflows with the addition of Prisma Cloud alerts on policy violations in all your cloud environments. To see any existing integrations, select *Settings > Integrations & Notifications*.

To create an alert rule for workload protection, see xref:../governance/workload-protection-policies.adoc#create-alert-workload-policy[Workload Protection].


//When you create an alert rule, you can xref:view-respond-to-prisma-cloud-alerts.adoc[automatically remediate alerts], which enables Prisma Cloud to automatically run the CLI command required to remediate the policy violation directly in your cloud environments. Automated remediation is only available for default policies (Config policies only) that are designated as Remediable (image:remediable-icon.png[]).


[.procedure]
. Select *Alerts > View Alert Rules > Add Alert Rule*.

. In *Add Details*, enter a *Name* for the alert rule and optionally, a *Description* to communicate the purpose of the rule.

.. You can enable the optional *Auto-Actions*, *Alert Notifications*, and *Auto-Remediation* settings up front. If you enable any of these options, they are displayed as additional steps in the alert rule creation process, for example, if you enable *Alert Notifications*, the options to *Configure Notifications* is displayed.
+
[NOTE]
====
If you enable *Automated-Remediation*, the list of policies shows only Remediable policies.
====
+
.. Select *Next*.

. *Assign Targets* to add more granularity for which cloud resources trigger alerts for this alert rule, and then provide more criteria as needed:

.. Select the *Account Groups* to which you want this alert rule to apply.

.. *Exclude Cloud Accounts and Regions* from your selected Account Group—If there are some cloud accounts and regions in the selected account groups for which you do not want to trigger alerts, select the accounts and regions from the list.

.. Select *Include Tag assetLists* to easily manage or identify the type of your resources—To trigger alerts only for specific resources in the selected cloud accounts, enter the *Key* and *Value* of the resource tag you created for the resource in your cloud environment. Tags apply only to *Config* and *Network* policies. When you add multiple assettags, it uses the boolean logical OR operator.
+
image::alerts/add-alert-rule-assign-targets-1.png[]

.. After defining the target cloud resources, select *Next*.


. Select the policies for which you want this alert rule to trigger alerts and, optionally, xref:view-respond-to-prisma-cloud-alerts.adoc[automatically remediate alerts].

.. Either *Select All Policies* or select the specific policies that match the filter criteria for which you want to trigger alerts on this alert rule. Selecting *All Policies* will create a large volume of alerts. It is recommended that you use granular filtered selection for more relevant and targeted alerts specific to your requirement.

.. *Add Filter* to further define the policies you would like to filter on. Filter options include, *Policy Severity*, *Cloud Type*, *Compliance Standard*, and *Policy Label*. Table results are refreshed automatically, as you select the Filters. Select *Reset Filters* to remove a filter selection.
+
*Include new policies matching filter criteria* is enabled when you select at least one of the filters and then select all rows in the table by selecting the top checkbox in the first column of the table. When enabled, new policies that match the filter criteria will be automatically included and used to scan your cloud accounts.
+
tt:[IMPORTANT] When you add an alert rule policy filter, keep in mind that filters follow *AND* logic not *OR*. For instance, if you create an alert rule by selecting `policy label='Prisma Cloud'` with `Compliance standard='CIS v2'`, an AND rule is applied. Scans will return results with policies that have both the Prisma Cloud label and the CIS v2 compliance standard.

.. To find a specific group of policies for which you want this rule to alert:
+
* *Filter Results*—Enter a *Search* term to filter the list of policies to those with specific keywords.
* *Column Picker*—Click *Edit* (image:alerts/column-picker.png[]) to modify which columns to display.
* *Sort*—Click the corresponding *Sort* icon (image:alerts/sort-column.png[]) to sort on a specific column.
* *Fullscreen*—Click *View in Fullscreen mode* (image:alerts/add-alert-rule-fullscreen.png[])to see an expanded view of the table.

.. *Next*.

. (tt:[Optional]) You can automatically dismiss alerts that have specific tags as defined on the resource and added to the Resource Lists on Prisma Cloud. The details of the reason for dismissal is included in the alert rule L2 view. If you enabled *Auto-Actions* in the *Add Details* screen, when you update an alert rule, all existing alerts with matching tags are auto dismissed. When an alert has been dismissed and you update the alert rule, the alert will continue to stay dismissed. If you are interested, please reach out to Prisma Cloud Customer Support and submit a request to enable this feature on your tenant. The team will promptly review your request and inform you about your tenant's eligibility for LGA access.
+
Add a Reason, Requestor, and Approver for the automatic dismissal and click *Next*.

. (tt:[Optional]) xref:send-prisma-cloud-alert-notifications-to-third-party-tools.adoc#idcda01586-a091-497d-87b5-03f514c70b08[Send Prisma Cloud Alert Notifications to Third-Party Tools].
+
By default, all alerts triggered by the alert rule display on the *Alerts* page. If you xref:../administration/configure-external-integrations-on-prisma-cloud/configure-external-integrations-on-prisma-cloud.adoc#id24911ff9-c9ec-4503-bb3a-6cfce792a70d[Configure External Integrations on Prisma Cloud], you can also send Prisma Cloud alerts triggered by this alert rule to third-party tools. For example, you can send to xref:send-prisma-cloud-alert-notifications-to-third-party-tools.adoc#id84f16f30-a2d0-44b7-85b2-4beaaef2f5bc[Amazon SQS] or xref:send-prisma-cloud-alert-notifications-to-third-party-tools.adoc#id728ba82c-c17b-4e3e-baf2-131e292ec074[Jira]. 
+
If you want to delay the alert notifications for Config alerts, you can configure the Prisma Cloud to *Trigger notification for config alert only after the alert is open for* a specific number of minutes.
+
[NOTE]
====
The alert notifications delay that you configure for Config alerts does not affect the timing of any remediation that might occur with this alert. The maximum value accepted is `999` minutes. An error occurs if you enter a higher number.
====

. (tt:[Optional]) *Configure Notifications* to enable alert notifications for all states.
+
If you want to receive external notifications for when an existing alert status has changed, you can configure Prisma Cloud to generate alerts when an existing alert is *Dismissed*, *Snoozed*, or *Ignored*. The options for configuring the notification settings:
+
* *Notify when alert is*—Select this dialog box to configure the alert states; the *Open* state is enabled by default. After selecting the alert states, select the integration services that you want to generate alerts for.
* *Trigger notification for config alert only after the alert is open for*—Specify the length of time (in minutes) for which you want to wait before sending notifications after an alert is generated. This value does not apply for recurring (or scheduled) notifications.
+
[NOTE]
====
The ability to send notifications for all states is limited GA. If you are interested, please reach out to Prisma Cloud Customer Support and submit a request to enable this feature on your tenant. The team will review your request and inform you about your tenant's eligibility for LGA access. No alerts will be generated for the Jira and Cortex XSOAR integrations.
====

. View the *Summary* of all the alert rule. *Edit* if you want to change any setting and *Save* the alert rule.

. Verify that the alert rule you created is triggering alert notifications.
+
As soon as you save your alert rule, any policy violation for which you enabled alerts results in an alert notification on  *Alerts*, as well as in any third-party integrations designated in the alert rule. 

[NOTE]
====
Assets with the `global` region, for example, AWS IAM, are matched, even if a specific cloud region is selected in the alert rule.
====
