docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/administration/administration.adoc, before:

== Administration

Use your account administrator settings to manage Prisma Cloud users and set up for enabling Prisma Cloud to scan and secure your environments.

//administer-overview.gif

[cols="30%a,70%a"]
|===
|*What do you want to do?*
|*Start here*

|Manage Administrators and Account Groups
|* xref:manage-prisma-cloud-administrators.adoc[Manage Prisma Cloud Administrators]
* xref:prisma-cloud-administrator-roles.adoc[Prisma Cloud Administrator Roles]
* xref:create-manage-account-groups.adoc[Create and Manage Account Groups]

|Add Collections
|* xref:../runtime-security/configure/collections.adoc[Add Collections]

|Review Licenses and Subscriptions
|* xref:prisma-cloud-licenses.adoc[Cloud Security License Types]
* xref:../runtime-security/runtime-security-components/licensing/licensing.adoc[Runtime Security Licensing] 
* xref:subscribe-to-cdem.adoc[Subscribe to Discovery and Exposure Management]
* https://www.paloaltonetworks.com/resources/guides/prisma-cloud-pricing-and-editions[Licensing and Editions Guide] 

|View Audit Logs
|* xref:view-audit-logs.adoc[View Audit Logs]

|Define Enterprise and Anomaly Settings
|* xref:define-prisma-cloud-enterprise-settings.adoc[Enterprise Settings]
* xref:define-prisma-cloud-enterprise-settings.adoc[Set Up Anomaly Policy Thresholds]
* xref:trusted-ip-addresses-on-prisma-cloud.adoc[Anomaly Trusted List]

|Access Control
|* xref:prisma-cloud-admin-permissions.adoc[Permissions Groups]
** xref:create-custom-permission-groups.adoc[Create Custom Permission Groups]
* xref:../runtime-security/configure/permissions.adoc[Runtime Security Permissions]
* xref:manage-roles-in-prisma-cloud.adoc[Cloud Security Roles]
** xref:create-prisma-cloud-roles.adoc[Create Roles]
* xref:../runtime-security/authentication/prisma-cloud-user-roles.adoc[Runtime Security Roles]
** xref:../runtime-security/authentication/assign-roles.adoc[Assign Roles] 
* xref:add-prisma-cloud-users.adoc[Add Users]
* xref:add-service-account-prisma-cloud.adoc[Add Service Accounts]
* xref:create-access-keys.adoc[Access Keys]
* xref:setup-sso-integration-on-prisma-cloud/setup-sso-integration-on-prisma-cloud.adoc[SSO]

|Add Resource Lists
|* xref:add-a-resource-list-on-prisma-cloud.adoc[Add a Resource List on Prisma Cloud]

|Configure Integrations and Notifications on Prisma Cloud
|* xref:configure-external-integrations-on-prisma-cloud/integrations-feature-support.adoc[Supported Capabilities]
* xref:configure-external-integrations-on-prisma-cloud/configure-external-integrations-on-prisma-cloud.adoc[Integrations on Prisma Cloud]
* xref:configure-external-integrations-on-prisma-cloud/add-notification-template.adoc[Add Notification Template]

|Configure Data Security
|* xref:configure-data-security/what-is-included-with-prisma-cloud-data-security.adoc[What is Included with Prisma Cloud Data Security?]  
* xref:configure-data-security/subscribe-to-data-security/subscribe-to-data-security.adoc[Subscribe to Data Security]
* xref:configure-data-security/monitor-data-security-scan/monitor-data-security-scan.adoc[Monitor Data Security Scan Results]

|Configure IAM Security
|* xref:configure-iam-security/what-is-prisma-cloud-iam-security.adoc[What is Prisma Cloud IAM Security?] 
* xref:configure-iam-security/enable-iam-security.adoc[Enable IAM Security]

| Manage Alarms
|* xref:alarm-center/alarm-center.adoc[Alarm Center]
* xref:alarm-center/review-alarms.adoc[Review Alarms]
* xref:alarm-center/set-up-email-notifications-for-alarms.adoc[Set Up Notifications for Alarms]

//What's next? 
//check with PM on the relevant next step to direct our users in their PC journey
//* Best Practices and/or Troubleshoot

|===

Commit message:

4-2-AG (#567)
* shareable dashboards

* IVG-14168

* stray tag fixes

* syntax fixes

* edits

* share dashboards steps rewrite

* testing internal inks

* typo

* saved views updates

* updates

* align copy

* copy update

* update

* qa note

* typo

* feedback from reviews

* tweak

* broken link fix

* alan feedback

* new saved views topic

* feedback v2

* Update create-and-manage-saved-views.adoc

review updates

* pr review feedback

* added topic to admin reference

* image update for auto-enable policies

* updates for auto-enable attack path policies

* steps fix

* image syntax fix

* image fix

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/administration/administration.adoc, after:

== Administration

Use your account administrator settings to manage Prisma Cloud users and set up for enabling Prisma Cloud to scan and secure your environments.

//administer-overview.gif

[cols="30%a,70%a"]
|===
|*What do you want to do?*
|*Start here*

|Manage Administrators and Account Groups
|* xref:manage-prisma-cloud-administrators.adoc[Manage Prisma Cloud Administrators]
* xref:prisma-cloud-administrator-roles.adoc[Prisma Cloud Administrator Roles]
* xref:create-manage-account-groups.adoc[Create and Manage Account Groups]

|Add Collections
|* xref:../runtime-security/configure/collections.adoc[Add Collections]

|Review Licenses and Subscriptions
|* xref:prisma-cloud-licenses.adoc[Cloud Security License Types]
* xref:../runtime-security/runtime-security-components/licensing/licensing.adoc[Runtime Security Licensing] 
* xref:subscribe-to-cdem.adoc[Subscribe to Discovery and Exposure Management]
* https://www.paloaltonetworks.com/resources/guides/prisma-cloud-pricing-and-editions[Licensing and Editions Guide] 

|View Audit Logs
|* xref:view-audit-logs.adoc[View Audit Logs]

|Define Enterprise and Anomaly Settings
|* xref:define-prisma-cloud-enterprise-settings.adoc[Enterprise Settings]
* xref:define-prisma-cloud-enterprise-settings.adoc[Set Up Anomaly Policy Thresholds]
* xref:trusted-ip-addresses-on-prisma-cloud.adoc[Anomaly Trusted List]

|Access Control
|* xref:prisma-cloud-admin-permissions.adoc[Permissions Groups]
** xref:create-custom-permission-groups.adoc[Create Custom Permission Groups]
* xref:../runtime-security/configure/permissions.adoc[Runtime Security Permissions]
* xref:manage-roles-in-prisma-cloud.adoc[Cloud Security Roles]
** xref:create-prisma-cloud-roles.adoc[Create Roles]
* xref:../runtime-security/authentication/prisma-cloud-user-roles.adoc[Runtime Security Roles]
** xref:../runtime-security/authentication/assign-roles.adoc[Assign Roles] 
* xref:add-prisma-cloud-users.adoc[Add Users]
* xref:add-service-account-prisma-cloud.adoc[Add Service Accounts]
* xref:create-access-keys.adoc[Access Keys]
* xref:setup-sso-integration-on-prisma-cloud/setup-sso-integration-on-prisma-cloud.adoc[SSO]

|Add Resource Lists
|* xref:add-a-resource-list-on-prisma-cloud.adoc[Add a Resource List on Prisma Cloud]

|Create and Manage Saved Views
|* xref:create-and-manage-saved-views.adoc[Create and Manage Saved Views]

|Configure Integrations and Notifications on Prisma Cloud
|* xref:configure-external-integrations-on-prisma-cloud/integrations-feature-support.adoc[Supported Capabilities]
* xref:configure-external-integrations-on-prisma-cloud/configure-external-integrations-on-prisma-cloud.adoc[Integrations on Prisma Cloud]
* xref:configure-external-integrations-on-prisma-cloud/add-notification-template.adoc[Add Notification Template]

|Configure Data Security
|* xref:configure-data-security/what-is-included-with-prisma-cloud-data-security.adoc[What is Included with Prisma Cloud Data Security?]  
* xref:configure-data-security/subscribe-to-data-security/subscribe-to-data-security.adoc[Subscribe to Data Security]
* xref:configure-data-security/monitor-data-security-scan/monitor-data-security-scan.adoc[Monitor Data Security Scan Results]

|Configure IAM Security
|* xref:configure-iam-security/what-is-prisma-cloud-iam-security.adoc[What is Prisma Cloud IAM Security?] 
* xref:configure-iam-security/enable-iam-security.adoc[Enable IAM Security]

| Manage Alarms
|* xref:alarm-center/alarm-center.adoc[Alarm Center]
* xref:alarm-center/review-alarms.adoc[Review Alarms]
* xref:alarm-center/set-up-email-notifications-for-alarms.adoc[Set Up Notifications for Alarms]

//What's next? 
//check with PM on the relevant next step to direct our users in their PC journey
//* Best Practices and/or Troubleshoot

|===
