docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/administration/subscribe-to-cdem.adoc, before:

:topic_type: task
[.task]
== Subscribe to Discovery and Exposure Management

You must perform the xref:#pre-req-for-cdem-aws[pre-requisite tasks] to secure your exposed AWS assets before xref:#enable-cdem-subscription[enabling the CDEM subscription] on Prisma Cloud.

[NOTE]
====
The pre-requisite tasks are applicable only to AWS. For Azure and GCP, you can skip to xref:#enable-cdem-subscription[enable the CDEM subscription] on Prisma Cloud.
====

[#pre-req-for-cdem-aws]
=== Pre-requisites to Secure Exposed AWS Assets

To enable Cloud Discovery and Exposure Management (CDEM) to convert the unmanaged (shadow IT) to managed (secure) AWS assets, you must configure your AWS Organization account as follows:

[.procedure]

. *Create an Inline Policy*
+
.. Select *IAM > Roles* in the AWS Management Console.

.. Locate and select the desired IAM role created while onboarding your AWS Organization account to Prisma Cloud, then attach the custom inline policy. Click the role's name to access its details.

.. Within the role details page, navigate to the *Permissions* tab.

.. Select *Add permissions > Create Inline policy*.
+
image::administration/cdem-pre-req-create-policy-1.png[]

.. Select the *JSON* tab and paste the following code snippet and then *Next*.
+
----
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "CrossAccountRoleForAWSNetworkQueryTool",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
            "Resource": "arn:aws:iam::*:role/CrossAccountRoleForAWSNetworkQueryTool"
        }
    ]
}
----

..  Enter *Policy name* and select *Create Policy*.
+
image::administration/cdem-pre-req-create-policy-2.png[]

. *Create Stack Set for Member Accounts*
+
.. Download the https://redlock-public.s3.amazonaws.com/cft/rl-cloudlens-read-only-member.template[CloudFormation member template].

.. Open the AWS Management Console and select *Services > CloudFormation > StackSets > Create StackSet* for the member account.

.. Upload the template file and select *Next*.
+
image::administration/cdem-pre-req-create-stack-1.png[]

.. Enter a *StackSet Name* and optional *StackSet Description*.

.. Under *Parameters*:
+
... The value for *CrossAccountRoleName* will be automatically filled. Do not edit the automatically populated value. 
... Enter the organization account ID value for *ManagementAccountNumber*.
+
image::administration/cdem-pre-req-create-stack-2.png[]

.. For Execution configuration, choose *Active* or *Inactive*. For faster deployment, select *Active*.

.. Under *Add stacks to stack set*, select *Deploy new stacks* option.

.. Under *Deployment targets*, select the *Deploy to organization* option.

.. In *Auto-deployment* Options:
+
... Choose *Activated* for *Automatic deployment*.

... Select *Delete Stacks* for *Account removal behavior*.
+
image::administration/cdem-pre-req-create-stack-3.png[]

.. In *Specify regions*, select a single region from the list. Ensure that the region is enabled on all accounts in your AWS Organization. If you select a disabled region, the template will fail with errors because it cannot deploy resources within that region.

.. In *Deployment* Options:
+
... Set Maximum concurrent accounts to 1.
... Set Failure tolerance to 0.
... Keep the default option of *Sequential* under Region Concurrency.
+
image::administration/cdem-pre-req-create-stack-4.png[]

.. Select *Next* and review the configuration.

.. Select *I acknowledge that AWS CloudFormation might create IAM resources with custom names* and *Submit*.

.. The StackSet creation process begins. Wait for the status to show "SUCCEEDED".
+
After completion, stacks are created for all the member accounts linked to the master account and listed under *Stack instances* in the AWS Management Console.
+
image::administration/cdem-pre-req-create-stack-5.png[]

[#enable-cdem-subscription]
=== Enable Discovery and Exposure Management Subscription

. You can enable the Discovery and Exposure Management subscription as follows:
+
* Option 1: Navigate to your profile, select *View Subscriptions*, and enable *Discovery and Exposure Management*. 
+
image::administration/cdem-subscription-enable.png[]

* Option 2: Navigate to *Adoption Advisor* and follow the instructions to enable *Cloud Discovery and Exposure Management* (CDEM).
+
image::administration/cdem-aa-enable.png[]

. Once the subscription is enabled, you will receive a 30-day trial. You will receive three email notifications during the trial period indicating the upcoming trial expiry and how to continue with your subscription. After the trial period ends, you can continue the subscription and utilize credits to maintain access to the service or unsubscribe from CDEM. Alternatively, you can also subscribe directly to the paid version of CDEM. 
+
(tt:[NOTE]) If you decide to unsubscribe from the paid version of CDEM, flat 100 credits will be charged for the period of 12 months from the date you subscribe.

. Upon subscription, Prisma Cloud initiates scans across the internet to identify your digital footprint.
+
(tt:[NOTE]) The initial scanning process may take a few hours to complete, up to 24 hours depending on your cloud setup. After this, subsequent scans will happen automatically every 2 hours, ensuring your information is up-to-date.

. Once the initial data on your internet-exposed unmanaged (shadow IT) assets are available on Prisma Cloud, you will receive an email notification to your inbox. Select View Dashboard in the email to log into Prisma Cloud and access the xref:../dashboards/dashboards-discovery-exposure-management.adoc[Discovery and Exposure Management (CDEM) dashboard] to view detailed information about your attack surface. 
+
image::administration/cdem-email.png[]

Commit message:

CDEM-duns and domains update

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/administration/subscribe-to-cdem.adoc, after:

== Subscribe to Discovery and Exposure Management

You must perform the xref:#pre-req-for-cdem-aws[pre-requisite tasks] to secure your exposed AWS assets before xref:#enable-cdem-subscription[enabling the CDEM subscription] on Prisma Cloud.

[NOTE]
====
The pre-requisite tasks are applicable only to AWS. For Azure and GCP, you can skip to xref:#enable-cdem-subscription[enable the CDEM subscription] on Prisma Cloud.
====

[.task]

[#pre-req-for-cdem-aws]
=== Pre-requisites to Secure Exposed AWS Assets

To enable Cloud Discovery and Exposure Management (CDEM) to convert the unmanaged (shadow IT) to managed (secure) AWS assets, you must configure your AWS Organization account as follows:

[.procedure]

. *Create an Inline Policy*
+
.. Select *IAM > Roles* in the AWS Management Console.

.. Locate and select the desired IAM role created while onboarding your AWS Organization account to Prisma Cloud, then attach the custom inline policy. Click the role's name to access its details.

.. Within the role details page, navigate to the *Permissions* tab.

.. Select *Add permissions > Create Inline policy*.
+
image::administration/cdem-pre-req-create-policy-1.png[]

.. Select the *JSON* tab and paste the following code snippet and then *Next*.
+
----
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "CrossAccountRoleForAWSNetworkQueryTool",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
            "Resource": "arn:aws:iam::*:role/CrossAccountRoleForAWSNetworkQueryTool"
        }
    ]
}
----

..  Enter *Policy name* and select *Create Policy*.
+
image::administration/cdem-pre-req-create-policy-2.png[]

. *Create Stack Set for Member Accounts*
+
.. Download the https://redlock-public.s3.amazonaws.com/cft/rl-cloudlens-read-only-member.template[CloudFormation member template].

.. Open the AWS Management Console and select *Services > CloudFormation > StackSets > Create StackSet* for the member account.

.. Upload the template file and select *Next*.
+
image::administration/cdem-pre-req-create-stack-1.png[]

.. Enter a *StackSet Name* and optional *StackSet Description*.

.. Under *Parameters*:
+
... The value for *CrossAccountRoleName* will be automatically filled. Do not edit the automatically populated value. 
... Enter the organization account ID value for *ManagementAccountNumber*.
+
image::administration/cdem-pre-req-create-stack-2.png[]

.. For Execution configuration, choose *Active* or *Inactive*. For faster deployment, select *Active*.

.. Under *Add stacks to stack set*, select *Deploy new stacks* option.

.. Under *Deployment targets*, select the *Deploy to organization* option.

.. In *Auto-deployment* Options:
+
... Choose *Activated* for *Automatic deployment*.

... Select *Delete Stacks* for *Account removal behavior*.
+
image::administration/cdem-pre-req-create-stack-3.png[]

.. In *Specify regions*, select a single region from the list. Ensure that the region is enabled on all accounts in your AWS Organization. If you select a disabled region, the template will fail with errors because it cannot deploy resources within that region.

.. In *Deployment* Options:
+
... Set Maximum concurrent accounts to 1.
... Set Failure tolerance to 0.
... Keep the default option of *Sequential* under Region Concurrency.
+
image::administration/cdem-pre-req-create-stack-4.png[]

.. Select *Next* and review the configuration.

.. Select *I acknowledge that AWS CloudFormation might create IAM resources with custom names* and *Submit*.

.. The StackSet creation process begins. Wait for the status to show "SUCCEEDED".
+
After completion, stacks are created for all the member accounts linked to the master account and listed under *Stack instances* in the AWS Management Console.
+
image::administration/cdem-pre-req-create-stack-5.png[]

[.task]

[#enable-cdem-subscription]
=== Enable Discovery and Exposure Management Subscription

[.procedure]

. You can enable the Discovery and Exposure Management subscription as follows:
+
* Option 1: Navigate to your profile, select *View Subscriptions*.
+
.. Select *Subscribe* to enable your Discovery and Exposure Management subscription.

.. Verify if your *DUNS* number and the associated *Domains* are correct. If the *DUNS* and *Domain* fields are not automatically populated, you can manually enter the details.
+
CDEM uses the DUNS number and the Domains to scan for internet-exposed resources.
+
.. Select *Agree and Submit* to activate the subscription.
+
image::administration/cdem-subscription-enable.png[]

* Option 2: Navigate to *Adoption Advisor* and follow the instructions to enable *Cloud Discovery and Exposure Management* (CDEM).
+
image::administration/cdem-aa-enable.png[]

. Once the subscription is enabled, you will receive a 30-day trial. You will receive three email notifications during the trial period indicating the upcoming trial expiry and how to continue with your subscription. After the trial period ends, you can continue the subscription and utilize credits to maintain access to the service or unsubscribe from CDEM. Alternatively, you can also subscribe directly to the paid version of CDEM. 
+
(tt:[NOTE]) If you decide to unsubscribe from the paid version of CDEM, flat 100 credits will be charged for the period of 12 months from the date you subscribe.

. Upon subscription, Prisma Cloud initiates scans across the internet to identify your digital footprint.
+
(tt:[NOTE]) The initial scanning process may take a few hours to complete, up to 24 hours depending on your cloud setup. After this, subsequent scans will happen automatically every 2 hours, ensuring your information is up-to-date.

. Once the initial data on your internet-exposed unmanaged (shadow IT) assets are available on Prisma Cloud, you will receive an email notification to your inbox. Select View Dashboard in the email to log into Prisma Cloud and access the xref:../dashboards/dashboards-discovery-exposure-management.adoc[Discovery and Exposure Management (CDEM) dashboard] to view detailed information about your attack surface. 
+
image::administration/cdem-email.png[]
