docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/ides/ides.adoc, before:

== Integrate Prisma Cloud Code Security Plugin with IDEs

Integrate the Prisma Cloud Code Security plugin into your workflow with your IDE to directly scan your infrastructure-as-code (IaC) files for misconfigurations, detect vulnerabilities in your software composition analysis (SCA) packages, identify exposed secrets, and uncover license violations while coding. This process seamlessly runs in the background without disrupting your coding experience. Remediation options include fixing, suppressing, or referring to documentation. Supported IDEs include VS Code and all JetBrains offerings (such as IntelliJ, PyCharm and so on).

NOTE: Not all remediation options are available for all findings or all type of scan category.

For *VS Code* integration, refer to xref:connect-vscode.adoc[VS Code].

For *JetBrains* integration, refer to xref:connect-jetbrains.adoc[JetBrains].

////
IDE integrations include:

[cols="25%a,75%a"]
|===
|*What do you want to do?*
|*Start here*

|Connect an IDE 
a|
* xref:connect-vscode.adoc[VS Code] 
* xref:connect-jetbrains.adoc[JetBrains] (All JetBrains products such as IntelliJ and PyCharm are supported)

|Scan code directly in the IDE
|For JetBrains, see xref:connect-jetbrains.adoc#scan-code[Scan Code]

|Analyze results
|For JetBrains, see xref:connect-jetbrains.adoc#analyze-results[Analyze Scan Results]

|Fix issues directly in the IDE
|For JetBrains, see xref:connect-jetbrains.adoc#fix-code[Fix Code Issues]

|Suppress issues directly in the IDE
|For JetBrains, see xref:connect-jetbrains.adoc#suppress-code[Suppress Issues]

|Troubleshoot errors
|For JetBrains, see xref:connect-jetbrains.adoc#troubleshoot[Troubleshoot]

|===
 ////

Commit message:

still fixing the link to plugin from familiarize

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/ides/ides.adoc, after:

== Integrate Prisma Cloud Code Security Plugin with IDEs

Integrate the Prisma Cloud Code Security plugin into your workflow with your IDE to directly scan your infrastructure-as-code (IaC) files for misconfigurations, detect vulnerabilities in your software composition analysis (SCA) packages, identify exposed secrets, and uncover license violations while coding. This process seamlessly runs in the background without disrupting your coding experience. Remediation options include fixing, suppressing, or referring to documentation. Supported IDEs include VS Code and all JetBrains offerings (such as IntelliJ, PyCharm and so on).

NOTE: Not all remediation options are available for all findings or all type of scan category.

For more information on the Prisma Cloud plugin for *VS Code*, refer to xref:connect-vscode.adoc[VS Code].

For more information on the Prisma Cloud plugin for *JetBrains*, refer to xref:connect-jetbrains.adoc[JetBrains].

////
IDE integrations include:

[cols="25%a,75%a"]
|===
|*What do you want to do?*
|*Start here*

|Connect an IDE 
a|
* xref:connect-vscode.adoc[VS Code] 
* xref:connect-jetbrains.adoc[JetBrains] (All JetBrains products such as IntelliJ and PyCharm are supported)

|Scan code directly in the IDE
|For JetBrains, see xref:connect-jetbrains.adoc#scan-code[Scan Code]

|Analyze results
|For JetBrains, see xref:connect-jetbrains.adoc#analyze-results[Analyze Scan Results]

|Fix issues directly in the IDE
|For JetBrains, see xref:connect-jetbrains.adoc#fix-code[Fix Code Issues]

|Suppress issues directly in the IDE
|For JetBrains, see xref:connect-jetbrains.adoc#suppress-code[Suppress Issues]

|Troubleshoot errors
|For JetBrains, see xref:connect-jetbrains.adoc#troubleshoot[Troubleshoot]

|===
////
