docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/fix-code-issues.adoc, before:

:topic_type: task

[.task]

== Fix Code Security Issues

On *Projects*, you can remediate scan results across all code categories by adding issues to the fix cart to create a Pull Request (PR) with a suggested fix. For every issue found on Prisma Cloud console, you can view information like origin of the issue in a file or repository, policy violation, and suggestions to remediate the issue.

[.procedure]

. Access scan results on *Projects*.

.. Select a code category with an issue.

.. Select an issue from the resource block to view more information and suggested fixes in the resource explorer.

. Create a PR from the fix recommendation.

.. Select an issue to see the fix recommendation in the resource explorer.
+
NOTE: You can fix one more issues at once by selecting issues across multiple resources or policy blocks and adding it to the fix cart.

.. Select *FIX* to add an issue to the fix cart.
+
image::application-security/fix-pr-project-fix1.1.png[]
.. Select *Submit* in the 'Resource Explorer' to create a PR with an issue fix.
+
image::application-security/fix-pr-submit1.1.png[]
+
The *Naming Method* popup is displayed, offering two options: automated values as provided by by Prisma Cloud, and the option to customize your PR title and branch name. 
+
image::application-security/fix-pr-select-fix-details1.0.png[]
+
. (Optional): Customize the Pull Request and branch names.
.. Select *Use custom Pull Request title and branch name*.
.. Enter a PR title in the Pull Request field
.. Select a *branch*: Enter a branch name in the Branch Name field
. Select *Submit*.
+ 
A *Success* message confirms that the PR has been successfully opened.
//+
//In this example, you see one or more issues added to the fix cart to from IaC Misconfiguration `google_container_cluster.workload_cluster` resource block.
//+
//image::application-security/projects-fix.gif[]

. *Next Step*: Access the PR on your VCS console and merge the fix with the selected branch.

NOTE: For issues with no fix recommendation, you can remediate it by a
*Manual Fix* or *Suppress*.

[.task]
=== Fix Vulnerability Issues

On *Projects* *Vulnerabilities* view you see CVE issues that have an automatic fix on the console. You can choose to remediate a single CVE issue or choose to fix all issues in the issue block. When fixing the issue, the CVE *Root version* gets bumped to the latest version from a Pull Request that you need to submit from the *Fix cart*. The issue block will continue to be seen till the Pull Request with the fix is not merged.

[.procedure]

. Select *Application Security > Projects* and then select *Vulnerabilities* view.

. Access any issue block and then select *Fix* corresponding to the issue.
+
Optionally, you can select *Fix All*.
+
When fixing the issue, you can verify all CVE’s getting fixed by a verification status corresponding to the CVE.
//+
//In this example you see fixing `CVE-2021-33194` automatically fixes `CVE-2022-30322` with the current remediation.
//+
//TODO:Add example.

. Select *Submit* on the side panel to create a Pull Request (PR) with the fixes.
//+
//image:://TODO:

=== Manual Fix an issue

You can perform a manual fix for all issues. A manual fix enables you to access a specific commit to review the code to then resolve the issue manually using the policy guidelines on the Prisma Cloud console.

image::application-security/proj-24.png[]

Commit message:

Added screenshot of repo at PM review request

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/fix-code-issues.adoc, after:

:topic_type: task

[.task]

== Fix Code Security Issues

On *Projects*, you can remediate scan results across all code categories by adding issues to the fix cart to create a Pull Request (PR) with a suggested fix. For every issue found on Prisma Cloud console, you can view information like origin of the issue in a file or repository, policy violation, and suggestions to remediate the issue.

[.procedure]

. Access scan results on *Projects*.

.. Select a code category with an issue.

.. Select an issue from the resource block to view more information and suggested fixes in the resource explorer.

. Create a PR from the fix recommendation.

.. Select an issue to see the fix recommendation in the resource explorer.
+
NOTE: You can fix one more issues at once by selecting issues across multiple resources or policy blocks and adding it to the fix cart.

.. Select *FIX* to add an issue to the fix cart.
+
image::application-security/fix-pr-project-fix1.1.png[]
.. Select *Submit* in the 'Resource Explorer' to create a PR with an issue fix.
+
image::application-security/fix-pr-submit1.1.png[]
+
The *Naming Method* popup is displayed, offering two options: automated values as provided by by Prisma Cloud, and the option to customize your PR title and branch name. 
+
image::application-security/fix-pr-select-fix-details1.0.png[]
+
. (Optional): Customize the Pull Request and branch names.
.. Select *Use custom Pull Request title and branch name*.
.. Enter a PR title in the Pull Request field
.. Select a *branch*: Enter a branch name in the Branch Name field
. Select *Submit*.
+ 
A *Success* message popup confirms that the PR has been successfully opened.
+
image::application-security/fix-pr-success1.1.png[]
//+
//In this example, you see one or more issues added to the fix cart to from IaC Misconfiguration `google_container_cluster.workload_cluster` resource block.
//+
//image::application-security/projects-fix.gif[]

. Click on a link in the popup or access the PR on your VCS console to view the PR with your custom title.
+
image::application-security/fix-pr-repo1.2.png[]

NOTE: For issues with no fix recommendation, you can remediate it by a
*Manual Fix* or *Suppress*.

[.task]
=== Fix Vulnerability Issues

On *Projects* *Vulnerabilities* view you see CVE issues that have an automatic fix on the console. You can choose to remediate a single CVE issue or choose to fix all issues in the issue block. When fixing the issue, the CVE *Root version* gets bumped to the latest version from a Pull Request that you need to submit from the *Fix cart*. The issue block will continue to be seen till the Pull Request with the fix is not merged.

[.procedure]

. Select *Application Security > Projects* and then select *Vulnerabilities* view.

. Access any issue block and then select *Fix* corresponding to the issue.
+
Optionally, you can select *Fix All*.
+
When fixing the issue, you can verify all CVE’s getting fixed by a verification status corresponding to the CVE.
//+
//In this example you see fixing `CVE-2021-33194` automatically fixes `CVE-2022-30322` with the current remediation.
//+
//TODO:Add example.

. Select *Submit* on the side panel to create a Pull Request (PR) with the fixes.
//+
//image:://TODO:

=== Manual Fix an issue

You can perform a manual fix for all issues. A manual fix enables you to access a specific commit to review the code to then resolve the issue manually using the policy guidelines on the Prisma Cloud console.

image::application-security/proj-24.png[]
