docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/traceability-and-tagging.adoc, before:

== Traceability and Tagging

Traceability tags allow you to locate run-time resources that were created based on a specific IaC resource, xref:drift-detection.adoc[detect drifts] from IaC templates and trace the differences between code and cloud infrastructure. You can add tags to all resource blocks in your repository using https://github.com/bridgecrewio/yor[Yor], an open-source auto-tagging tool that supports Terraform, CloudFormation, and Serverless frameworks. These tags are unique to a repository and resource, and  contain details such as: 

* Git organization, repository, and the exact file containing the IaC template used to create the cloud resource. 
* Timestamp of Git commits for supported cloud resources, including a list of all editors and contributors who modified the file. 
* Custom tags that you create for your resources. Custom tags can be simple key-value pairs or a complex combination of values. For even more complex tagging capabilities, you can leverage Yor CLI/GHA directly. Note that you can edit custom tags on the Prisma Cloud console by adding a tag rule.

=== Yor Trace Tags and Compliance Management

In addition to auto-tags and custom tags, each runtime resource has a unique `yor_trace` tag to trace alerts, detect drift in code and locate the specific resource within a commit.
Yor scans run for every resource. If any resource is not compliant with a tag rule, Yor automatically creates a PR (pull request) for the repository. This PR includes the appropriate tags for each non-compliant resource. You can access your version control system to merge the tag PR and add the tags to the resource. Yor trace tags are accessible in the Prisma Cloud console. 

NOTE: Only one tag PR can be open per repository at a time. If there is already an open tag PR, Prisma Cloud will not create another.

==== Tag Rule Logic

* *Basic*: Assign a tag and value to all resources in selected repositories.

* *Conditional*: Assign a tag and value to all resources in the selected repositories that meet a certain condition. +
Example: Assign 'team': 'dev' to all resources that include the tag 'group:rd'.

* *Conditional with Multiple Conditions*: Define multiple conditions per rule with different key-value pairs per condition. 

==== Tag Rule Examples 

Example #1: Define all resources of a given repository as relevant to the production environment: 'Key': 'environment', Value: 'production'. 

Example #2: Tag specific GitHub users to a devops team. All other users will be tagged by default as 'platform' users. 
----
'Key': 'team' 
'Value': 'platform' (default) All GitHub users that are not assigned to devops 
'Value': devops' Assign the following GitHub users to the devops team GitHub by selecting the following tags under the 'if has tags (optional)' field: 'git_modifier: jhonf', 'git_modifier: janed' 
---- 

Example #3: Define tags for internal teams (“devops” and “platform”) based on specific GitHub users on each team. 
----

'Key': 'team' 
'Value': 'devops' if resource has certain tag name-value pairs: 'git_modifier: jhonf', 'git_modifier: janed'  
'Value':'platform' if resource has tag name-value pair: 'git_modifier: jamesd', 'git_modifier: juliem'` 
----

image::application-security/tag-eg-team1.1.png[]

Example #4: Define tags for internal teams based on Github users, as well as a default tag value. +
----
'Key': 'team'
'Value': 'community'
'Value': 'devops' if resource has one of these tag name-value pairs: 'git_modifier: jhonf', 'git_modifier: janed', 'Value': 
'platform' if resource has one of these tag name-value pair: 'git_modifier: jamesd', 'git_modifier: juliem'`.
----

////
Example #1: Assign a rule that adds `team:dev_use` to all selected repositories that meet condition _a_ and `team:dev_europe` for those resources that meet condition _b_.
* *Conditional with default*: Define a rule that applies a name-value pair if a certain condition is met and a different, default name-value pair to any IaC resource that does not meet any of the defined conditions
Example #1: Assign a rule that adds `team:dev_use` to all selected repositories that meet condition _a_ and `team:dev_europe` for those resources that meet condition _b_.
////

=== View Tags associated with Resources

To view tags associated with a resource:

. In *Application Security*, select *Projects* > *Group by: Resource*.
. Select a resource > View the tags associated with the resource in the *Details* tab of the sidecar.  

=== View Resources associated with Tags

To view resources associated with tags:

. In *Application Security*, select the *Inventory* tab > *IaC Resources* tab.
. Select *Add Filter* > *IaC ResourceTag*. 
+
A list of frameworks which include assets that have tags associated with IaC resources are displayed.

. Click on an asset to view the tags in the *Overview* tab of the sidecar. 

For more information, refer to xref:../../../cloud-and-software-inventory/iac-resources.adoc[IaC Resources].

[#manage-tag]
=== Manage Tags

You can manage tags and tag rules for all resources associated with integrated repositories. This includes custom tags, but excludes auto-generated Yor trace tags (yor_trace). Managing tags includes enabling/disabling and adding conditional values to tags. In addition, you can create, clone or delete custom tag rules. 

*Permissions*: If you do not have permissions for all of the resources associated with a Tag Rule, the only action allowed is to *Clone*.

//NOTE: You can replicate an existing tag management strategy through the Prisma Cloud console using tag rules.

. Access resource tag management: 
.. In *Application Security > Projects*.
.. Select the *Actions* menu > *Manage IaC Tags*.
+
image::application-security/tags2.1.png[]
+
NOTE: A list of tags will be displayed if Yor has already processed your repositories. This includes yor_trace tags, out-of-the-box tags, and any custom tags that you have defined.

==== Create Custom Tags

. Access tag management - see <<#manage-tag,Manage Tags>> above.
. Click *Add Tag Rule* in the 'Tag Rules' popup.
. Assign repositories or all repositories.
. Add a key/value condition/s.
. Select *Save*.
+
The created custom tag rule is displayed in the tag list on the Tag Rule popup.

==== Enable/Disable Tags

. Access tag management - see <<#manage-tag,Manage Tags>> above.
. Under the *Actions* menu, select *Play* to enable or *Pause* to disable a tag.

image::application-security/tag-enable2.1.png[]

NOTE: You can enable or disable all types of tags. Enabling a tag triggers a scan across all resources in the repositories you have assigned to it. Disabling a tag prevents future scans from being triggered by the disabled tag. Past actions, such as automated pull requests, will not be reverted.

==== Edit Custom Tags

. Access tag management - see <<#manage-tag,Manage Tags>> above.
. Locate the desired tag in the tags table and click the "Edit" action button.
. Modify the required values in the *Edit a Tag Rule* popup > *Save*.

////
.. Select the Repositories menu to apply the tag rule to selected repositories or click *Select All Repositories* to apply the tag rule to all your repositories 
+
NOTE: Assigning a repository affects the number of resources. This number is displayed in the popup. You can monitor the affected resources on the Prisma Cloud console.

.. (Optional): Add a *Description* for the tag rule.

.. Modify the key/value fields as required. A key is the tag name. You can only edit the names of custom tags. 

* Click *Add Conditional Value* to add an additional condition to the tag. 
////

==== Clone Tags

Example usage: A large-scale project with multiple teams and environments (development, staging, production). You have a base tag rule that applies to all environments. However, the production environment requires additional specific tags for compliance or security reasons. In this case, cloning the base rule and adding the necessary tags for the production environment might be a viable approach, provided it's carefully managed.

. Access tag management - see <<#manage-tag,Manage Tags>> above.
. Under the *Actions* menu, select *Edit* > *Clone*.
. Fill in required values in the *Edit a Tag Rule* popup (see above) > *Save*.

==== Delete Tags

. Access tag management - see <<#manage-tag,Manage Tags>> above.
. Under the *Actions* menu, select *Edit* > *Delete*.

NOTE: Deleting a tag rule will not affect existing actions triggered by the rule. This includes automated pull requests (PRs) generated for non-compliant resources or any resources that were previously cloned using the deleted tag.



////
. Create *custom tag rules*.
.. In *Projects*, select the *Actions* menu > *Manage IaC Tags*.  
.. Click *Add Tag Rule* in the 'Tag Rules' popup.
.. Assign repositories or all repositories.
.. Add a key/value condition.
+
The created custom tag rule is displayed in the tag list on the Tag Rule popup.
////

Commit message:

Rephrased Yor Trace and Comp management

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/risk-management/monitor-and-manage-code-build/traceability-and-tagging.adoc, after:

== Traceability and Tagging

Traceability tags allow you to locate run-time resources that were created based on a specific IaC resource, xref:drift-detection.adoc[detect drifts] from IaC templates and trace the differences between code and cloud infrastructure. You can add tags to all resource blocks in your repository using https://github.com/bridgecrewio/yor[Yor], an open-source auto-tagging tool that supports Terraform, CloudFormation, and Serverless frameworks. These tags are unique to a repository and resource, and  contain details such as: 

* Git organization, repository, and the exact file containing the IaC template used to create the cloud resource. 
* Timestamp of Git commits for supported cloud resources, including a list of all editors and contributors who modified the file. 
* Custom tags that you create for your resources. Custom tags can be simple key-value pairs or a complex combination of values. For even more complex tagging capabilities, you can leverage Yor CLI/GHA directly. Note that you can edit custom tags on the Prisma Cloud console by adding a tag rule.

=== Yor Trace Tags and Compliance Management

Each runtime resource is uniquely identified by a `yor_trace` tag, enabling traceability from code to cloud. This tag facilitates alert investigation, drift detection, and resource localization within a specific commit. Yor automatically creates pull requests (PRs) for resources lacking required tags, ensuring consistent tagging practices. Merge these PRs to add the tags to the resource. Tag information is accessible within the Prisma Cloud console.

////
In addition to auto-tags and custom tags, each runtime resource has a unique `yor_trace` tag to trace alerts, detect drift in code and locate the specific resource within a commit.
Yor scans run for every resource. If any resource is not compliant with a tag rule, Yor automatically creates a PR (pull request) for the repository. This PR includes the appropriate tags for each non-compliant resource. You can access your version control system to merge the tag PR and add the tags to the resource. Yor trace tags are accessible in the Prisma Cloud console. 
////

NOTE: Only one tag PR can be open per repository at a time. If there is already an open tag PR, Prisma Cloud will not create another.

==== Tag Rule Logic

* *Basic*: Assign a tag and value to all resources in selected repositories.

* *Conditional*: Assign a tag and value to all resources in the selected repositories that meet a certain condition. +
Example: Assign 'team': 'dev' to all resources that include the tag 'group:rd'.

* *Conditional with Multiple Conditions*: Define multiple conditions per rule with different key-value pairs per condition. 

==== Tag Rule Examples 

Example #1: Define all resources of a given repository as relevant to the production environment: 'Key': 'environment', Value: 'production'. 

Example #2: Tag specific GitHub users to a devops team. All other users will be tagged by default as 'platform' users. 
----
'Key': 'team' 
'Value': 'platform' (default) All GitHub users that are not assigned to devops 
'Value': devops' Assign the following GitHub users to the devops team GitHub by selecting the following tags under the 'if has tags (optional)' field: 'git_modifier: jhonf', 'git_modifier: janed' 
---- 

Example #3: Define tags for internal teams (“devops” and “platform”) based on specific GitHub users on each team. 
----

'Key': 'team' 
'Value': 'devops' if resource has certain tag name-value pairs: 'git_modifier: jhonf', 'git_modifier: janed'  
'Value':'platform' if resource has tag name-value pair: 'git_modifier: jamesd', 'git_modifier: juliem'` 
----

image::application-security/tag-eg-team1.1.png[]

Example #4: Define tags for internal teams based on Github users, as well as a default tag value. +
----
'Key': 'team'
'Value': 'community'
'Value': 'devops' if resource has one of these tag name-value pairs: 'git_modifier: jhonf', 'git_modifier: janed', 'Value': 
'platform' if resource has one of these tag name-value pair: 'git_modifier: jamesd', 'git_modifier: juliem'`.
----

////
Example #1: Assign a rule that adds `team:dev_use` to all selected repositories that meet condition _a_ and `team:dev_europe` for those resources that meet condition _b_.
* *Conditional with default*: Define a rule that applies a name-value pair if a certain condition is met and a different, default name-value pair to any IaC resource that does not meet any of the defined conditions
Example #1: Assign a rule that adds `team:dev_use` to all selected repositories that meet condition _a_ and `team:dev_europe` for those resources that meet condition _b_.
////

=== View Tags associated with Resources

To view tags associated with a resource:

. In *Application Security*, select *Projects* > *Group by: Resource*.
. Select a resource > View the tags associated with the resource in the *Details* tab of the sidecar.  

=== View Resources associated with Tags

To view resources associated with tags:

. In *Application Security*, select the *Inventory* tab > *IaC Resources* tab.
. Select *Add Filter* > *IaC ResourceTag*. 
+
A list of frameworks which include assets that have tags associated with IaC resources are displayed.

. Click on an asset to view the tags in the *Overview* tab of the sidecar. 

For more information, refer to xref:../../../cloud-and-software-inventory/iac-resources.adoc[IaC Resources].

[#manage-tag]
=== Manage Tags

You can manage tags and tag rules for all resources associated with integrated repositories. This includes custom tags, but excludes auto-generated Yor trace tags (yor_trace). Managing tags includes enabling/disabling and adding conditional values to tags. In addition, you can create, clone or delete custom tag rules. 

*Permissions*: If you do not have permissions for all of the resources associated with a Tag Rule, the only action allowed is to *Clone*.

//NOTE: You can replicate an existing tag management strategy through the Prisma Cloud console using tag rules.

. Access resource tag management: 
.. In *Application Security > Projects*.
.. Select the *Actions* menu > *Manage IaC Tags*.
+
image::application-security/tags2.1.png[]
+
NOTE: A list of tags will be displayed if Yor has already processed your repositories. This includes yor_trace tags, out-of-the-box tags, and any custom tags that you have defined.

==== Create Custom Tags

. Access tag management - see <<#manage-tag,Manage Tags>> above.
. Click *Add Tag Rule* in the 'Tag Rules' popup.
. Assign repositories or all repositories.
. Add a key/value condition/s.
. Select *Save*.
+
The created custom tag rule is displayed in the tag list on the Tag Rule popup.

==== Enable/Disable Tags

. Access tag management - see <<#manage-tag,Manage Tags>> above.
. Under the *Actions* menu, select *Play* to enable or *Pause* to disable a tag.

image::application-security/tag-enable2.1.png[]

NOTE: You can enable or disable all types of tags. Enabling a tag triggers a scan across all resources in the repositories you have assigned to it. Disabling a tag prevents future scans from being triggered by the disabled tag. Past actions, such as automated pull requests, will not be reverted.

==== Edit Custom Tags

. Access tag management - see <<#manage-tag,Manage Tags>> above.
. Locate the desired tag in the tags table and click the "Edit" action button.
. Modify the required values in the *Edit a Tag Rule* popup > *Save*.

////
.. Select the Repositories menu to apply the tag rule to selected repositories or click *Select All Repositories* to apply the tag rule to all your repositories 
+
NOTE: Assigning a repository affects the number of resources. This number is displayed in the popup. You can monitor the affected resources on the Prisma Cloud console.

.. (Optional): Add a *Description* for the tag rule.

.. Modify the key/value fields as required. A key is the tag name. You can only edit the names of custom tags. 

* Click *Add Conditional Value* to add an additional condition to the tag. 
////

==== Clone Tags

Example usage: A large-scale project with multiple teams and environments (development, staging, production). You have a base tag rule that applies to all environments. However, the production environment requires additional specific tags for compliance or security reasons. In this case, cloning the base rule and adding the necessary tags for the production environment might be a viable approach, provided it's carefully managed.

. Access tag management - see <<#manage-tag,Manage Tags>> above.
. Under the *Actions* menu, select *Edit* > *Clone*.
. Fill in required values in the *Edit a Tag Rule* popup > *Save*.

==== Delete Tags

. Access tag management - see <<#manage-tag,Manage Tags>> above.
. Under the *Actions* menu, select *Edit* > *Delete*.

NOTE: Deleting a tag rule will not affect existing actions triggered by the rule. This includes automated pull requests (PRs) generated for non-compliant resources or any resources that were previously cloned using the deleted tag.



////
. Create *custom tag rules*.
.. In *Projects*, select the *Actions* menu > *Manage IaC Tags*.  
.. Click *Add Tag Rule* in the 'Tag Rules' popup.
.. Assign repositories or all repositories.
.. Add a key/value condition.
+
The created custom tag rule is displayed in the tag list on the Tag Rule popup.
////
