docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/reports/create-and-manage-reports.adoc, before:

== Create and Manage Reports

Prisma Cloud Reports help you capture and share key metrics that track your progress in securing your cloud environment against potential vulnerabilities, and meeting compliance standards. View and create reports from one centeralized location *Home > Reports* in Prisma Cloud. Learn more about how to create, schedule, search for and the following report types:

* <<compliance>>
* <<alerts>>
* <<cloudsecurity>>   

[#compliance]
=== Compliance Reports

Generate Prisma Cloud compliance reports, to evaluate how well your cloud environments meets select compliance standards. Create reports to run immediately for online viewing or download, or schedule recurring reports so you can monitor progress of your cloud compliance over time. You have two options to generate and view compliance reports within Prisma Cloud. Generate a report from the *Reports* as described below.

image::reports/compliance-report.gif[]

[.task]
==== Create a Report

[.procedure]
. Select the *Reports* tab from the top navigation panel on the Prisma Cloud Administrative console.

. The *Reports* navigation panel lists all the various types of reports you can create, view, search and download. The list is by default sorted in tabular view by last modified date.

. Select the *Compliance* tab to view previously created Compliance reports. 
. To create a report select the *Create Report* tab on the top right. 

. On the *Create Report* dialog box, provide a descriptive name for your report. 

. Optionally, use the follow criteria to create a more targeted report.
+
* Compliance Standard
* Account Groups
* Cloud Accounts
* Cloud Regions

. Enter the *Email* address to which you would like to send the scheduled report. Select the Custom Email Template checkbox if you wish to use a pre-selected notification template.

. Select report frequency, *One Time* or *Recurring*.
+
If you select *Recurring* specify how often and when you want the report to run.


[#alerts]
[.task]
=== Alerts Reports

Keep your stakeholders informed on the status of your cloud assets and compliance checks with Prisma Cloud *Alerts Reports*. You can generate two types of Alerts reports:

*Cloud Security Assessment report*: A PDF risk summary report based on data from open alerts in the monitored cloud accounts of any specific cloud environment. The report includes an executive summary and a list of policy violations, including a page with details for each policy including a description and associated compliance standards.

*Business Unit report*: A .csv file that lists the resources that have open alerts against policies for any compliance standard. 

image::reports/alerts-report.gif[]

[.procedure]
. Select *Reports > Create Report*.

. Choose *Alerts Report* from the drop-down.

. Enter a *Name* and select a *Report Type*.

. Select  *Cloud Security Assessment Report* or a  *Business Unit Report*.
+
.. To generate a *Business Unit Report*: 
... Select the *Account Groups* to include in the file.
... Select *Detailed Report*, if you want to include a breakdown of policy details for each cloud account.  
+
For the detailed report, select *Compress Attachments* to get a .zip file for download or email attachment.
... Filter alerts associated with specific compliance standards.
+
.... Select *Filter by Compliance Standard*.
.... Select the *Compliance Standards* from the drop-down.
... Enter the *Email* address(es) for the file recipient(s).
... Select the *Notification template*, if you want to use a custom email template.
+
A custom email template allows you to tailor your message and add a URL in the message body.
... Set the email notifications *Frequency*. 
+
[NOTE]
====
You can only edit recurring *Alerts Reports* to modify some inputs such as the time interval, whether or not to compress attachments.
====
... *Submit* your changes.

.. To generate a *Cloud Security Assessment* Report:
... Select the *Cloud Type* to include in the file.
... Select the *Account Groups* and the *Cloud Accounts* to include in the file.
... Select the cloud *Regions* and the *Time Range* for the report.
... Enter the *Email* address(es) for the file recipient(s).
... Select the *Notification template*, if you want to use a custom email template.
... Set the *Frequency* at which to send email notifications.
... *Submit* your changes.


[#cloudsecurity]
[.task]
=== Cloud Security Reports

This comprehensive report captures your progress in operationalizing Prisma Cloud. Also included is an extensive Metrics Overview capturing key data points such as, anomalous threats detected, vulnerabilities trends and regulatory compliance achieved. 

You have two options to generate and view Cloud Security reports within Prisma Cloud. Generate a report from the Reports section as described below.

image::reports/csr-report.gif[]

[.procedure]
. Select *Reports > Create Report*.

. Choose *Cloud Security Report* from the drop-down.

. Enter the following information:
+
**** Enter a descriptive *Name* for the report.

**** (tt:[Optional]) Enter the *Email Address(es)* for the recipient(s) to receive the reports.

**** Select the *Widget Date Range* for which you want the metrics data.

. *Save Report*.


[#manage]
[.task]
=== Manage Generated Reports

Prisma Cloud users with the System Admin role can view, clone or delete reports generated by all users. Follow the steps below to view a previously created report:

[.procedure]
. Select the *Reports* tab from the Prisma Cloud administrative console.

. Choose *Compliance*, *Alerts* or *Cloud Security* to see a list of previously generated reports.

. Select *Add Filter* to further narrow your search results by: Cloud Account/Region/Type, Compliance Standard, Account Groups, Frequency, Recipients, Schedule, and Schedule Enabled.
+
[NOTE]
====
Report filters to narrow your search are only currently available for Compliance Reports.
====
. Use the search bar on the right to search for a specific report.

. You can also download the current table data by selecting the download icon.

. Select the column sorter icon to hide or reorder column data. You can drag columns to reconfigure their display configuration. Choose *Reset to default* to restore column data to its original format. 

. Choose any displayed report and select the appropriate icons on the right of the highlighted report to clone, download or delete a report.

Commit message:

added note in Alerts Reports

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/reports/create-and-manage-reports.adoc, after:

== Create and Manage Reports

Prisma Cloud Reports help you capture and share key metrics that track your progress in securing your cloud environment against potential vulnerabilities, and meeting compliance standards. View and create reports from one centeralized location *Home > Reports* in Prisma Cloud. Learn more about how to create, schedule, search for and the following report types:

* <<compliance>>
* <<alerts>>
* <<cloudsecurity>>   

[#compliance]
=== Compliance Reports

Generate Prisma Cloud compliance reports, to evaluate how well your cloud environments meets select compliance standards. Create reports to run immediately for online viewing or download, or schedule recurring reports so you can monitor progress of your cloud compliance over time. You have two options to generate and view compliance reports within Prisma Cloud. Generate a report from the *Reports* as described below.

image::reports/compliance-report.gif[]

[.task]
==== Create a Report

[.procedure]
. Select the *Reports* tab from the top navigation panel on the Prisma Cloud Administrative console.

. The *Reports* navigation panel lists all the various types of reports you can create, view, search and download. The list is by default sorted in tabular view by last modified date.

. Select the *Compliance* tab to view previously created Compliance reports. 
. To create a report select the *Create Report* tab on the top right. 

. On the *Create Report* dialog box, provide a descriptive name for your report. 

. Optionally, use the follow criteria to create a more targeted report.
+
* Compliance Standard
* Account Groups
* Cloud Accounts
* Cloud Regions

. Enter the *Email* address to which you would like to send the scheduled report. Select the Custom Email Template checkbox if you wish to use a pre-selected notification template.

. Select report frequency, *One Time* or *Recurring*.
+
If you select *Recurring* specify how often and when you want the report to run.


[#alerts]
[.task]
=== Alerts Reports

Keep your stakeholders informed on the status of your cloud assets and compliance checks with Prisma Cloud *Alerts Reports*. You can generate two types of Alerts reports:

*Cloud Security Assessment report*: A PDF risk summary report based on data from open alerts in the monitored cloud accounts of any specific cloud environment. The report includes an executive summary and a list of policy violations, including a page with details for each policy including a description and associated compliance standards.

*Business Unit report*: A .csv file that lists the resources that have open alerts against policies for any compliance standard. 

[NOTE]
====
The Business Unit alerts reports do not include Attack Path data.
====

image::reports/alerts-report.gif[]

[.procedure]
. Select *Reports > Create Report*.

. Choose *Alerts Report* from the drop-down.

. Enter a *Name* and select a *Report Type*.

. Select  *Cloud Security Assessment Report* or a  *Business Unit Report*.
+
.. To generate a *Business Unit Report*: 
... Select the *Account Groups* to include in the file.
... Select *Detailed Report*, if you want to include a breakdown of policy details for each cloud account.  
+
For the detailed report, select *Compress Attachments* to get a .zip file for download or email attachment.
... Filter alerts associated with specific compliance standards.
+
.... Select *Filter by Compliance Standard*.
.... Select the *Compliance Standards* from the drop-down.
... Enter the *Email* address(es) for the file recipient(s).
... Select the *Notification template*, if you want to use a custom email template.
+
A custom email template allows you to tailor your message and add a URL in the message body.
... Set the email notifications *Frequency*. 
+
[NOTE]
====
You can only edit recurring *Alerts Reports* to modify some inputs such as the time interval, whether or not to compress attachments.
====
... *Submit* your changes.

.. To generate a *Cloud Security Assessment* Report:
... Select the *Cloud Type* to include in the file.
... Select the *Account Groups* and the *Cloud Accounts* to include in the file.
... Select the cloud *Regions* and the *Time Range* for the report.
... Enter the *Email* address(es) for the file recipient(s).
... Select the *Notification template*, if you want to use a custom email template.
... Set the *Frequency* at which to send email notifications.
... *Submit* your changes.


[#cloudsecurity]
[.task]
=== Cloud Security Reports

This comprehensive report captures your progress in operationalizing Prisma Cloud. Also included is an extensive Metrics Overview capturing key data points such as, anomalous threats detected, vulnerabilities trends and regulatory compliance achieved. 

You have two options to generate and view Cloud Security reports within Prisma Cloud. Generate a report from the Reports section as described below.

image::reports/csr-report.gif[]

[.procedure]
. Select *Reports > Create Report*.

. Choose *Cloud Security Report* from the drop-down.

. Enter the following information:
+
**** Enter a descriptive *Name* for the report.

**** (tt:[Optional]) Enter the *Email Address(es)* for the recipient(s) to receive the reports.

**** Select the *Widget Date Range* for which you want the metrics data.

. *Save Report*.


[#manage]
[.task]
=== Manage Generated Reports

Prisma Cloud users with the System Admin role can view, clone or delete reports generated by all users. Follow the steps below to view a previously created report:

[.procedure]
. Select the *Reports* tab from the Prisma Cloud administrative console.

. Choose *Compliance*, *Alerts* or *Cloud Security* to see a list of previously generated reports.

. Select *Add Filter* to further narrow your search results by: Cloud Account/Region/Type, Compliance Standard, Account Groups, Frequency, Recipients, Schedule, and Schedule Enabled.
+
[NOTE]
====
Report filters to narrow your search are only currently available for Compliance Reports.
====
. Use the search bar on the right to search for a specific report.

. You can also download the current table data by selecting the download icon.

. Select the column sorter icon to hide or reorder column data. You can drag columns to reconfigure their display configuration. Choose *Reset to default* to restore column data to its original format. 

. Choose any displayed report and select the appropriate icons on the right of the highlighted report to clone, download or delete a report.
