docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/administration/setup-sso-integration-on-prisma-cloud/get-started-with-saml-sso/get-started-with-saml-sso.adoc, before:

:topic_type: task
[.task]
[#id9b156e21-1d95-4ee0-b007-10d5fcebf295]
== Get Started with SAML SSO 

//To secure administrator access to Prisma Cloud, go to your identity provider's site to configure single sign-on and then configure Prisma Cloud for SSO.

Enable single sign-on (SSO) on Prisma Cloud using an Identity Provider (IdP) that supports Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML), such as Okta, Microsoft Active Directory Federation Services (AD FS), Azure Active Directory (AD), Google, or OneLogin. You can configure only one IdP for all the cloud accounts that Prisma Cloud monitors.

To access Prisma Cloud using SSO, every administrative user requires a local account on Prisma Cloud. You can either xref:../../add-prisma-cloud-users.adoc[Add Administrative Users On Prisma Cloud] to create the local account in advance of enabling SSO, or use Just-In-Time (JIT) Provisioning on the SSO configuration on Prisma Cloud if you prefer to create the local account automatically. With JIT Provisioning, the first time a user logs in and successfully authenticates with your SSO IdP, the SAML assertions are used to create a local user account on Prisma Cloud.

To enable SSO, you must first complete the setup on the IdP. Then, log in to Prisma Cloud using an account with System Admin privileges to configure SSO and redirect login requests to the IdP’s login page, so that your Prisma Cloud administrative users can log in using SSO. After you enable SSO, you must access Prisma Cloud from the IdP’s portal. Prisma Cloud supports IdP initiated SSO, and it’s SAML endpoint supports the POST method only.

[CAUTION]
====
To avoid account lockout, you must enable a few administrative users with both local authentication credentials on Prisma Cloud and SSO access. Ensure that each administrator has activated their Palo Alto Networks Customer Support Portal (CSP) account using the Welcome to Palo Alto Networks Support email and set a password to access the portal.
====

[.procedure]
. Decide whether you want to first add xref:../../add-prisma-cloud-users.adoc[Add Administrative Users On Prisma Cloud] or you prefer to add users on the fly with JIT Provisioning when you configure SSO on Prisma Cloud.
+
If you want to enable JIT provisioning for users, xref:../../create-prisma-cloud-roles.adoc[Create Prisma Cloud Roles] before you continue to the next step. When you configure SSO on the IdP, you must attach this role to the user‘s profile so that the user has the appropriate permissions and can monitor the assigned cloud accounts on Prisma Cloud.

. Copy the Audience URI, for Prisma Cloud, which users need to access from the IdP.
+
.. Log in to Prisma Cloud and select *Settings > Access Control > SSO*.

.. Copy the *Audience URI (SP Entity ID)* value. This is a read-only field in the format: \https://app.prismacloud.io?customer=<string> to uniquely identify your instance of Prisma Cloud. You require this value when you configure SAML on your IdP.
+
image::administration/settings-sso-1.png[]

. Set up the Identity Provider (Okta, Microsoft AD FS, Azure AD, Google, or OneLogin) for SSO as described in the next section.

Commit message:

5-1-updates (#589)
* 5-1-updates

* remove tilde

* syntax fix

* testing anchor within step

* testing internal xref

* test1

* test3

* test4

* test4

* test5

* 5.1 updates

* edits

* edits2

* test7

* xref test

* testing links

* test2

* test3

* test4

* test5

* adding id dashboard topic

* book.yml update to add topic

* clean-up

* reverting changes - id dashboard moving to 5.2

* AO feedback

* image update

* typo

* update

* clean-up

* anomalies updates and clean up

* section tag

* Update get-started-with-oidc-sso.adoc

Aish feedback

* Update get-started-with-saml-sso.adoc

Aish feedback

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/administration/setup-sso-integration-on-prisma-cloud/get-started-with-saml-sso/get-started-with-saml-sso.adoc, after:

:topic_type: task
[.task]
[#id9b156e21-1d95-4ee0-b007-10d5fcebf295]
== Get Started with SAML SSO 

//To secure administrator access to Prisma Cloud, go to your identity provider's site to configure single sign-on and then configure Prisma Cloud for SSO.

Enable single sign-on (SSO) on Prisma Cloud using an Identity Provider (IdP) that supports Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML), such as Okta, Microsoft Active Directory Federation Services (AD FS), Azure Active Directory (AD), Google, or OneLogin. You can configure only one IdP for all the cloud accounts that Prisma Cloud monitors.

To access Prisma Cloud using SSO, every administrative user requires a local account on Prisma Cloud. You can either xref:../../add-prisma-cloud-users.adoc[Add Administrative Users On Prisma Cloud] to create the local account in advance of enabling SSO, or use Just-In-Time (JIT) Provisioning on the SSO configuration on Prisma Cloud if you prefer to create the local account automatically. With JIT Provisioning, the first time a user logs in and successfully authenticates with your SSO IdP, the SAML assertions are used to create a local user account on Prisma Cloud.

To enable SSO, you must first complete the setup on the IdP. Then, login to Prisma Cloud using an account with System Admin privileges to configure SSO and redirect login requests to the IdP’s login page, so that your Prisma Cloud administrative users can log in using SSO. After you enable SSO, you must access Prisma Cloud from the IdP’s portal. 

[CAUTION]
====
To avoid account lockout while making configuration changes, enable administrative users to log into the console with both local authentication credentials on Prisma Cloud and SSO access by adding them to the SSO bypass list.
====

[.procedure]
. Decide whether you want to first add xref:../../add-prisma-cloud-users.adoc[Add Administrative Users On Prisma Cloud] or you prefer to add users on the fly with JIT Provisioning when you configure SSO on Prisma Cloud.
+
If you want to enable JIT provisioning for users, xref:../../create-prisma-cloud-roles.adoc[Create Prisma Cloud Roles] before you continue to the next step. When you configure SSO on the IdP, you must attach this role to the user‘s profile so that the user has the appropriate permissions and can monitor the assigned cloud accounts on Prisma Cloud.

. Copy the Audience URI, for Prisma Cloud, which users need to access from the IdP.
+
.. Log in to Prisma Cloud and select *Settings > Access Control > SSO* and click *SAML*.

.. Copy the *Audience URI (SP Entity ID)* value. This is a read-only field in the format: \https://app.prismacloud.io?customer=<string> to uniquely identify your instance of Prisma Cloud. You require this value when you configure SAML on your IdP.
+
image::administration/settings-sso-1.png[]

. Set up the Identity Provider (Okta, Microsoft ADFS, Azure AD, Google, or OneLogin) for SSO as described in the next section.

NOTE: Use your pre-defined Access URL for login, alternatively use your xref:../../../get-started/access-prisma-cloud.adoc#id3c964e17-24c6-4e7c-9a47-adae096cc88d[federated login URL].
