docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/runtime-security/runtime-security-components/intelligence-stream.adoc, before:

[#intelligence-stream]
== Intelligence Stream

The Prisma Cloud Intelligence Stream is a real-time feed that contains vulnerability data and threat intelligence from a variety of certified upstream sources. Prisma Cloud continuously pulls data from known vulnerability databases, official vendor feeds and commercial providers to provide the most accurate vulnerability detection results.

The Prisma Cloud console automatically connects to the intelligence server and downloads updates without any special configuration required. The Intelligence Stream is updated several times per day, and the consoles continuously check for updates. 

When we update the Intelligence Stream, these changes will impact all customers, regardless of whether they upgrade to the latest console version.

In addition to the information collected from official feeds, Prisma Cloud feeds are enriched with vulnerability data curated by a dedicated research team. Our security researchers monitor cloud and open source projects to identify security issues through automated and manual means. As a result, Prisma Cloud can detect new vulnerabilities that were only recently disclosed, and even vulnerabilities that were quietly patched.

Commit message:

Updates to CWP-59772 and CWP-60230

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/runtime-security/runtime-security-components/intelligence-stream.adoc, after:

[#intelligence-stream]
== Intelligence Stream

The Prisma Cloud Intelligence Stream is a real-time feed that contains vulnerability data and threat intelligence from a variety of certified upstream sources. Prisma Cloud continuously pulls data from known vulnerability databases, official vendor feeds and commercial providers to provide the most accurate vulnerability detection results.

The Prisma Cloud console automatically connects to the intelligence server and downloads updates without any special configuration required. The Intelligence Stream is updated several times per day, and the consoles continuously check for updates. 

When the Prisma Cloud Intelligence Stream is updated, the changes impact all customers, regardless of whether the console is updated to the latest version. Some updates to the Intelligence Stream might require upgrading the Prisma Cloud Console and Defenders to support the changes.

In addition to the information collected from official feeds, Prisma Cloud feeds are enriched with vulnerability data curated by a dedicated research team. Our security researchers monitor cloud and open source projects to identify security issues through automated and manual means. As a result, Prisma Cloud can detect new vulnerabilities that were only recently disclosed, and even vulnerabilities that were quietly patched.
