docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/dashboards/dashboards-discovery-exposure-management.adoc, before:

== Discovery and Exposure Management Dashboard

Learn more about discovering your internet-exposed, unmonitored cloud assets and secure them on Prisma Cloud.

The Discovery and Exposure Management (CDEM) dashboard utilizes advanced ML technology to scan and provide you with direct visibility into all the assets of your cloud infrastructure exposed to the internet. 

With the CDEM dashboard, you can proactively manage and enhance your cloud security posture. Take action to swiftly convert exposed (unmanaged or unmonitored) assets to secure (managed) assets through seamless onboarding to Prisma Cloud with just one click.

Navigate to *Dashboards > Discovery and Exposure Management* to get a comprehensive view of your attack surface through various xref:#cdem-widgets[*Unmanaged Asset Widgets*] available on the dashboard. 

[NOTE]
====
The dashboard is only available if you have subscribed to Discovery and Exposure Management on Prisma Cloud. See xref:../administration/subscribe-to-cdem.adoc[Subscribe to Discovery and Exposure Management] for more details.
==== 

[#cdem-widgets]
=== Unmanaged Asset Widgets

The following widgets are available for visualization on the CDEM dashboard:

//[cols="50%a,50%a"]
//|===

* *Internet Exposed Unmanaged Assets*

image::dashboards/cdem-internet-exposed-unmanaged-assets.gif[]

Displays a complete view of your cloud assets discovered across your attack surface, highlighting the contrast between unmanaged (exposed) and managed (secure) assets, tracking changes daily, and showcasing the success of your remediation efforts. It provides the following insights:

*Managed Assets—* Shows the count and corresponding percentage of managed assets successfully secured against internet exposure. Selecting *Managed Assets* will take you to the *Inventory > Assets* page, where you can view the latest information about all your secured cloud assets on Prisma Cloud.

*Unmanaged Exposed Assets—* Shows the count and corresponding percentage of unmanaged (exposed) assets that pose a risk due to internet exposure. Selecting *Unmanaged Exposed Assets* will take you to the *Inventory > Unmanaged Assets* page, where you can view the latest information about your unmanaged (or shadow IT) assets that are publicly exposed on the internet and attributed to your organization for further investigation.

*Remediated Findings—* Shows the count and corresponding percentage of assets that previously had identified vulnerabilities or issues but have been successfully remediated.

Additionally, the widget's functionality is dynamic. It shows the count and corresponding percentage value indicating the change in unmanaged exposed assets, managed assets, and remediated findings on a daily basis, allowing you to understand the rate of improvement or degradation in your asset security posture at a glance.

*Unmanaged and Managed Asset Trend*

image::dashboards/cdem-historical-trends.gif[]

Displays asset trends over the last 90 days with line graphs comparing *Managed Assets* and *Unmanaged Exposed Assets* asset volumes. You can also monitor the progress of *Remediated Findings* (conversion to secured assets) through a line graph. This way, the widget enables you to understand asset trends over time and keep track of the improvements made to secure your assets.

* *Top Risks From Unmanaged Assets*

image::dashboards/cdem-top-risks-to-remidiate.gif[]

Displays the top 5 risk categories that affect your security posture due to public exposure of assets on the internet. Each row highlights the main risks based on categories, and the links in each row will help you explore and gain additional context on the affected assets, along with options to convert and inspect them. 

To take action to secure the assets, you can select the *Convert Unmanaged Assets* button and initiate a bulk conversion of all the unmanaged (exposed) assets to managed (secure) ones simultaneously. Alternatively, you can individually convert assets using the *Convert* button in each row to secure specific assets. This feature is available only for accounts associated with the parent account or organizational unit (OU) accounts on Prisma Cloud. In cases where such mapping is not feasible, you can *Inspect Unmanaged Assets* (issues related to exposed assets) and send an email to your inbox containing the summary of the exposed assets. 

Selecting the *Convert to Managed* button will onboard the assets to Prisma Cloud. Once the unmanaged assets convert to managed assets, Prisma Cloud will monitor these assets for vulnerabilities, misconfigurations, compliance issues, and so on.

In addition to conversion options, the *Inspect Unmanaged Assets* column lists the scanned asset findings, enabling you to review the exposed assets. On selecting the links, a side panel appears, including a comprehensive list of assets, risk types, and associated cloud providers. Further exploration of each asset provides detailed information such as asset overview, exposed services, and identified findings.

* *Unmanaged Exposed Assets by Country*

image::dashboards/cdem-unmanaged-assets-map.gif[]

Displays a geographical view of your exposed assets on a map. Each pointer on the map represents the exposed asset's location. Once you identify a region to secure, select the appropriate button to *Convert* or *Inspect* the unmanaged assets for better security.

The *Convert* button is enabled only for accounts associated with the parent account or organizational unit (OU) accounts on Prisma Cloud. In cases where such mapping is not feasible, you can use the *Inspect* button to identify issues related to exposed assets and Send email to your inbox containing the summary of the exposed assets. 

//|===

*Next Step*: Use the xref:../cloud-and-software-inventory/cdem-unmanaged-assets-inventory.adoc[*Unmanaged Assets Inventory*] page to review the list of unmanaged (or shadow IT) assets publicly exposed on the internet and associated with your organization.

Commit message:

CDEM Dashboard update to include Snooze Assets

docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/dashboards/dashboards-discovery-exposure-management.adoc, after:

== Discovery and Exposure Management Dashboard

Learn more about discovering your internet-exposed, unmonitored cloud assets and secure them on Prisma Cloud.

The Discovery and Exposure Management (CDEM) dashboard utilizes advanced ML technology to scan and provide you with direct visibility into all the assets of your cloud infrastructure exposed to the internet. 

With the CDEM dashboard, you can proactively manage and enhance your cloud security posture. Take action to swiftly convert exposed (unmanaged or unmonitored) assets to secure (managed) assets through seamless onboarding to Prisma Cloud with just one click.

Navigate to *Dashboards > Discovery and Exposure Management* to get a comprehensive view of your attack surface through various xref:#cdem-widgets[*Unmanaged Asset Widgets*] available on the dashboard. 

[NOTE]
====
The dashboard is only available if you have subscribed to Discovery and Exposure Management on Prisma Cloud. See xref:../administration/subscribe-to-cdem.adoc[Subscribe to Discovery and Exposure Management] for more details.
==== 

[#cdem-widgets]
=== Unmanaged Asset Widgets

The following widgets are available for visualization on the CDEM dashboard:

//[cols="50%a,50%a"]
//|===

* *Internet Exposed Unmanaged Assets*

image::dashboards/cdem-internet-exposed-unmanaged-assets.gif[]

Displays a complete view of your cloud assets discovered across your attack surface, highlighting the contrast between unmanaged (exposed) and managed (secure) assets, tracking changes daily, and showcasing the success of your remediation efforts. It provides the following insights:

*Managed Assets—* Shows the count and corresponding percentage of managed assets successfully secured against internet exposure. Selecting *Managed Assets* will take you to the *Inventory > Assets* page, where you can view the latest information about all your secured cloud assets on Prisma Cloud.

*Unmanaged Exposed Assets—* Shows the count and corresponding percentage of unmanaged (exposed) assets that pose a risk due to internet exposure. Selecting *Unmanaged Exposed Assets* will take you to the *Inventory > Unmanaged Assets* page, where you can view the latest information about your unmanaged (or shadow IT) assets that are publicly exposed on the internet and attributed to your organization for further investigation.

*Remediated Findings—* Shows the count and corresponding percentage of assets that previously had identified vulnerabilities or issues but have been successfully remediated.

Additionally, the widget's functionality is dynamic. It shows the count and corresponding percentage value indicating the change in unmanaged exposed assets, managed assets, and remediated findings on a daily basis, allowing you to understand the rate of improvement or degradation in your asset security posture at a glance.

*Unmanaged and Managed Asset Trend*

image::dashboards/cdem-historical-trends.gif[]

Displays asset trends over the last 90 days with line graphs comparing *Managed Assets* and *Unmanaged Exposed Assets* asset volumes. You can also monitor the progress of *Remediated Findings* (conversion to secured assets) through a line graph. This way, the widget enables you to understand asset trends over time and keep track of the improvements made to secure your assets.

* *Top Risks From Unmanaged Assets*

image::dashboards/cdem-top-risks-to-remidiate.gif[]

Displays the top 5 risk categories that affect your security posture due to public exposure of assets on the internet. Each row highlights the main risks based on categories, and the links in each row will help you explore and gain additional context on the affected assets, along with options to convert and inspect them. 

To take action to secure the assets, you can select the *Convert Unmanaged Assets* button and initiate a bulk conversion of all the unmanaged (exposed) assets to managed (secure) ones simultaneously. Alternatively, you can individually convert assets using the *Convert* button in each row to secure specific assets. This feature is available only for accounts associated with the parent account or organizational unit (OU) accounts on Prisma Cloud. In cases where such mapping is not feasible, you can *Inspect Unmanaged Assets* (issues related to exposed assets) and send an email to your inbox containing the summary of the exposed assets. 

Selecting the *Convert to Managed* button will onboard the assets to Prisma Cloud. Once the unmanaged assets convert to managed assets, Prisma Cloud will monitor these assets for vulnerabilities, misconfigurations, compliance issues, and so on.

In addition to conversion options, the *Inspect Unmanaged Assets* column lists the scanned asset findings, enabling you to review the exposed assets. On selecting the links, a side panel appears, including a comprehensive list of assets, risk types, and associated cloud providers. Further exploration of each asset provides detailed information such as asset *Overview*, *Exposed Services*, identified *Findings*, and *Network Flow Log* visualizations.

While you *Inspect Unmanaged Assets*, you can choose to snooze your known internet-exposed assets, such as test assets or vendor-exposed assets, as follows:

1. Select one or multiple assets from the *Inspect Unmanaged Assets* side panel.
2. Select the *Snooze* button.
3. Choose to *Snooze Temporarily* or *Snooze Forever*.
4. If snoozing temporarily, set a time limit.
5. *Select a Reason* to snooze the asset.
6. Select *Snooze Unmanaged Asset*.

Once snoozed, Prisma Cloud will provide the flexibility to view your *Active* assets separately from the *Snoozed* assets on the *Inventory > Unmanaged Assets* page, simplifying asset management.


* *Unmanaged Exposed Assets by Country*

image::dashboards/cdem-unmanaged-assets-map.gif[]

Displays a geographical view of your exposed assets on a map. Each pointer on the map represents the exposed asset's location. Once you identify a region to secure, select the appropriate button to *Convert* or *Inspect* the unmanaged assets for better security.

The *Convert* button is enabled only for accounts associated with the parent account or organizational unit (OU) accounts on Prisma Cloud. In cases where such mapping is not feasible, you can use the *Inspect* button to identify issues related to exposed assets and *Send email* to your inbox containing the summary of the exposed assets. 

While inspecting the unmanaged assets, you can choose to *Snooze Temporarily* or *Snooze Forever* your known internet-exposed assets such as test assets, vendor-exposed assets, and so on. Snoozing assets will provide the ability to view your *Active* assets separately from the *Snoozed* assets in the *Inventory > Unmanaged Assets* page, simplifying asset management.

//|===

*Next Step*: Use the xref:../cloud-and-software-inventory/cdem-unmanaged-assets-inventory.adoc[*Unmanaged Assets Inventory*] page to review the list of unmanaged (or shadow IT) assets publicly exposed on the internet and associated with your organization.
